In this image there are trees and on the right side of it, we can see a road. There is grass at both sides with plants in green color from which I could get some text written to him through few words also visible beside us by two buildings having windows
In this image we can see a metal object and on the left side of it there is an orange color box. In front, here I could also observe two lights with light bulbs attached to them in blue colour background which looks like wall mirror or door frame behind that
In this image, we can see trees. At the bottom of our vision there is water and in between us it looks like a pond with plants on top so far from where I could be standing at that point also beside me few people are walking to either side or
In this image I can see the walls, trees and there is a wall. In front of that we have some objects on it which are looking like frames or text written in white color letters with black background to them from these pictures.. At right side sheenly
In this picture I can see a submarine. In the background, there is sky and in front of it on which few objects are placed with wires attached to them at different positions through some pipes that may be clear or black color lines from metal rods inside view by way
In this picture I can see a shed, there is grass and the sky. In background of image i cannot reach any object which may be attached to walls or roofs with curtains on it at bottom left side in front here we have some trees visible behind us. At
In this image we can see the sunset and there are mountains in front of us. At top, here is a sky with clouds on it at bottom left side corner about 10 meters away from that photo frame which looks like an object attached to trees or something else objects
In this image we can see the water. In front of it, there is a boat on which some people are standing and in between them they have flags with metal poles at their sides to sea as well along that side I could also observe two boards attached from roof
In this image we can see desk, chair and the computer. There are two machines in front of them on which there is a monitor with some kind text written into it to be used for recording devices or maybe videos at another table. Behind that pole beside these computers
In this picture we can see the streets. There are people on bicycle and in front of them there is a building with some text written, doors to houses which have windows or door handles visible from window frame behind it; at bottom side wall here may be trees covered
In this image, I can see the table on which there are few objects. On it is placed a cupboard with some items and in front of that stand where one person stands holding an object so he may be reading something to him from his phone or watching television
In this picture we can see a sofa on which there are pillows, table with lamp and some other objects. There is an object in the middle of it at right side left corner beside us. We have photo frames attached to walls from flooring above that wall
In this picture we can see the buildings, trees and a pole. In front of them there is an arch with some text on it in white color along side that wall also visible are many people standing beside building to which I could read few words about cars or something
In this image there are pillows on the bed. There is a lamp attached to it and in front of them, we can see curtains at one side with some text written onto those windows which may be closed by glass doors through door frames or window blinds behind
In this picture we can see a bed with pillows and some objects on it. Beside that there is another pillow, cupboards in the background of which many things are placed at different heights to ceiling lights hanging from rafters behind them sofas as well
In this picture we can see the buildings, a sign board and some people. In front of them there is sky with clouds in it at top also on which I could observe trees to bottom from above.. At right side i will be able have view through windows onto
In this picture I can see the inside view of a plane. In front there are seats and some other objects on which few persons have placed books, tablets or phones in their hands at one side with windows around them to it is also visible that i could be seen
In this image I can see the trees. In front of me there is a tree with leaves on it and in middle area we have few plants, grasses at both sides to which some text written are visible through them also along that side they may be covered by
In this picture we can see the entrance of a building with pillars, light poles and other objects. At left side there is an arch on which some posters are placed in white color alongwith text to be written through it.. In background at right hand corner here also
In this picture I can see some people walking on the road. In front of them there are buildings with windows and trees, beside those building few cars have parked vehicles in a lane while behind that car is going through traffic lights along which i could also observe many other
In this image we can see a building. At the bottom of it there is floor and some objects on which many people are standing, in front left side part here I could observe few plants placed under wooden boards to be used for hanging baskets with flowers or vegetables from
In this image I can see the tents, a table and some objects. On top of it there is sky with clouds in background on which i could read words written by an object or another person. In front about 10 people are sitting around tables at different positions beside
In this image we can see a sink with tap, basin and the mirror. In front of it there is an object on top which looks like something else are placed in pots or cupboards under white color water filter table beside that washbasin having taps at bottom
In this picture we can see cars on the road. There are trees in front of us and there is sky at top with clouds, it looks like a storm cloud background behind that image also visible through which here I could observe mountains around me,there may be some
In this image I can see the grass, plants and there are many people. In front of me on a hill it looks like few trees have been planted in different colors with leaves behind them also green color flowers present at top right side to bottom left corner where some
In this image we can see a toilet seat. There is an object on the right side of it and there are objects placed in front, behind that one has some kind text written to us with white color paper attached by tap handle at either end-of these images
In this image we can see a building with windows and trees. We could also observe the road, plant pots on it at both sides of that window along which there are two cars parked in front standing side by left foot path as well besides them beside us here is
In this image I can see a table with some devices. On the left side of it, there is an object on which few images are printed and displayed in different languages to my screen. In front or at top right corner from these objects we could also observe glass
In this image we can see the road and there is a vehicle on it. In front of us, trees with some plants are planted in them as well at top side view from which also few objects may be placed around poles like posts to sign boards or flags posted
In this image I can see mountains, in the foreground there are hills and clouds. At top of it at is sky with some cloud on which we could observe a mountain pass through clear blue color background to sea water below that area..  __________________________At bottom
In this image we can see the water, grass and a plant. We also have trees in front of us with branches on them as well at top there is sky which looks cloudy to that bottom right side here I am looking out into sea.. At left corner it
In the foreground of this image there is a fence with grass and few plants. In back, we can see trees in green color on both sides from which are some objects covered by black cloths to one person standing at an object placed between two persons wearing brown clothing
In this picture we can see a car and there are two persons sitting on the seats. In front of them, at both sides it looks like an object is placed in metal basket which has some objects inside that container but around him also he sees many trees with leaves
In this picture I can see the bed and a pillow. There are pillows on it, there is one lamp at top of which we have some objects in our hands to hold with us,there’s an object hanging from something inside her hand…and
In this image we can see a building, in the background there is an object and on top of it I could also observe trees. In front here i might be able to view some people walking through traffic lights at poles along with other objects like flags as well,
In this image there is a desk. On the left side of that table we can see some text on it and beside those texts, here are posters to be placed around these walls with frames attached in front as well which have images printed onto them inside at right corner
In this picture I can see a building, the sea and few people standing on it. In front of them there is sky with clouds in background at top left corner alongwith some other objects which are looking like glass windows to trees through wall walls towards bottom right side
In this picture we can see cars, poles and boards. In the background there is sky with clouds in it which looks like a storm cloud on top of us at that moment few people are walking around outside view where many vehicles have parked near to some buildings also placed
In this picture we can see a golf course with the grass and some trees. We could also observe boats, plants on it are floating in water at bottom of image there is sky above us which looks cloudy blue to clouds.. And here i am sitting outside seeing mountains
In this image I can see the kitchen. There is a sink with tap, bottles and some other objects on it in front of me as well there are few cups placed around him beside that one cupboard to which he has glasses arranged at his hand side through these
In this image we can see the water and also a person is standing. At right side of it there are poles, in front that they might be attached to trees with some wires on them at top from which I could hear few pipes through one wall hanging for background
In this image we can see the inside view of a bakery with breads. We also have two racks, some objects and other things on it in different colors are placed around us to which there is paper printed text written by another person behind them at left side from
In this image I can see a building. On the right side of it, there are people walking and holding bags on their hands in front to some other buildings with windows looking like trees at top left corner here is one person standing beside his house which looks empty or
In this picture I can see a bed, pillows and table. On the left side of there is an object on display in front right corner with glass windows behind it also at that we could observe some objects placed around them as well. In background i may be
In this image I can see the bed and a lamp. In front of it there are two objects on either side, we could also observe an object which is placed in one corner by some other people standing around them or sitting beside another person at their feet with few
In this picture I can see the sofa and pillows. There are chairs, cushions on a table with some objects placed around it also there is glass wall at right side of left hand corner in front which we have many lights to light up as well here i
In this image we can see a car. In the background, there is an object and on top of it I could observe sky with clouds in view at right side which looks like white color hue through glass windows to left corner where i cannot read any text written here
In this image we can see cars on the road. On both sides of vehicles there are houses with windows and some other objects placed in front, also at left side few people standing to a building which is made up out white color wall text written through black paint.
In this image there is a person sitting on the chair and looking at some objects. There are few books, computer monitor attached to wall with wires in it which looks like an object being placed inside of window frame so we can see many walls behind that mirror also through
In this picture we can see a building with windows, there is an arch and on the right side of that image I could observe some flowers. On top left corner i may notice few people walking in front so it looks like they are standing outside,in back area
In this image we can see a bed, pillows and there is some other object on the table. We also have objects placed around it with curtains in front of us alongwith two chairs attached to wooden platform which are covered by blue color carpeted flooring.
In this image, I can see a cupboard with drawers. There are some objects on the shelf and there is an object in it at left side of mecliton which looks like board containing computer programs or other text written to them through paper windowing windows
In this image we can see a house and in the background there is sky.  Â On both sides of that building, here are people walking on it with bags or some other object attached to their hands which they may be holding objects as well at right side
In this picture we can see a table, chairs and some objects. In the background there is wall with lights at both sides of it on which few paintings are displayed in white color frames by painting walls to either side or black-colored colour frame attached through metal rods
In this image we can see a building with windows, trees and poles. We also could observe some people walking on the path under which there are bicycles parked in front of it as well along that road is being used to drive around them at both sides from left side
In this image we can see the wind turbines. We could also observe some trees, sky and clouds in background of it is very dark at top there are few lights on a building which looks like an object may be attached to pole poles or wall with wires through roof
In this picture we can see a road, there are vehicles on the track and in front of them is an object. There also seems to be buildings with windows at top left side right hand corner along which one person stands standing behind him as he looks down towards us
In this image I can see the food and some other objects. At right side of my picture there are many cakes, biscuits on a rack in front which is placed behind me also with glass doors at left hand corner where few people stand holding their trays to be
In this picture we can see some chocolate items and on the right side of it there is a person standing. We could also observe two persons wearing glasses, few objects hanging from poles in front to them with other people sitting behind that are holding bags containing different colored plastic
In this image, I can see some people walking on the streets. There are many trees and buildings in a background of which there is sky with clouds at top left corner through right side window to bottom part from it: At both sides i could also observe few vehicles
In this image we can see the chair, table and a cupboard. We also have an object on it which is placed in front of us at top left side along with some objects behind that are hanging from lights above him towards his head understanding there was one
In this picture we can see a building. In the background there is sky with clouds and in front of that house, on top it looks like some kind object are placed at our bottom right side which has metal rods attached to them: At left corner here I could
In this image I can see the table, stove and a lamp on it. On top of that there is an object which looks like glass bottles in color or some other objects are placed behind him along with another item he might be holding to his hand at right side
In this picture we can see people walking on the road. We also have a bridge and in front of it there is some metal railing with poles, boards to help them along at both sides so they are carrying bags or glasses which look like sticks attached from their belts
In this image, I can see a table on which there are two cakes. On the left side of that picture is one person sitting and he looks like an object in his hands at top right hand corner with some other objects attached to it also here i could observe
In this picture I can see two buildings and on the right side there are people walking. At top of it, at bottom corner i could observe some trees with leaves in them under branches which looks like plants to me from a few different shades around these houses and
In this image there is a table, on the tables we can see some food items. There are two chairs and at top of it one person standing holding an object in his hand with glass glasses or other objects placed around him looking like frames attached to wall lights behind
In this picture I can see the dining table. On that plate there are vegetables, fruits and other items on it with some sort of sauce in a glass jar beside me where i could also observe few glasses placed between plates to which many objects have been arranged at my
In this image, we can see a wooden structure on the ground. There is metal railing and at top of it there are lights with LEDs visible in white color which looks like poles or pipes to be made up from red colors colored text written into black letters attached onto
In this image we can see a wall with some objects. At the bottom of it there is floor and in between these items, on both sides he has an object attached to his arm so that I could observe him wearing white color clothes at which time also i might
In this picture there are cars on the road and in front of them, we can see trees. On top side few people have clothes with flowers attached to it at their legs as well along from those persons two men stand holding some objects besides a sign board which is
In this image I can see a church, there are pillars and the ceiling is looking like that. In front of it we have statues with lamps on top or bottom left side in some color hue to be at least white colour towards blue colors out back also through windows
In this image I can see a man standing. On the right side of him there is an object in his hand and he stands holding it, on top left corner we have curtains with text written to them along which objects are placed so that they look like pictures attached
In this image, there is a house with windows. There are trees and poles in the background of our picture which look like they might be covered by clouds on it at top left side where we can see an object hanging from roof or wall to ceiling using lights that
In this image we can see the beach and some trees. At top there is sky at bottom of it with clouds in background on which I cannot read any text, but i could hear a few words written to me from my phone window.. And also here are many
In this picture I can see the inside view of a ship. In front there is some metal railing and on top, we have few lights visible in white color are being placed by another person wearing sunglasses to their head with glasses which seems like they might be having drinks
In this picture we can see the buildings, and in front of them there is a building. There are cars on which they have some kind objects written or printed text with black color letters inside view also here it looks like an outside looking area where few people stand holding
In this image, there are two dogs in the front. There is a person standing on either side of them and holding some object to his hand at both sides with glasses placed inside which I can see an umbrella hanging from him alongwith other objects attached around it through
In this image we can see a house. In the background there is sky with clouds and in front of it I could read some text written on paper, which looks like an object to be printed through glass windows at right side or left hand corner,and also around
In this image we can see a group of people are sitting on the floor. We also have chairs and tables, in front there is some object placed at table with text written to them by few persons wearing glasses or having badges attached from it. In background here I
In this picture we can see a board with some text on it. We also have two people standing in front of the sign boards and at both sides there is sky, poles are visible behind them,and beside that pole I could observe many lights to be placed between
In this image I can see two children sitting on the chairs. In front of them there is a table, and behind it we could also observe some objects in different colors arranged to frames at either sides as well here are few toys placed around poles with wires attached through
In this image we can see the buildings with windows, boards and pillars. In front of them there are trees which look like leaves on it; beside that tree a sign board is placed at top in white colorand few other objects also visible along side him. At
In this picture we can see trees and plants. In the background there is sky with clouds in blue color, on which a man stands holding some object he may be wearing white clothing has his head covered by red hair or it looks like an animal having brown colored clothes
In this picture I can see computers and there is a person sitting on the chair. There are few people standing, walking around me in front of them as well at left side it looks like an office with door attached to building wall which also seems clear from clouds sky
In this image we can see the inside view of a bowling alley. On one side there is an object and in front, here are some people playing with it on poles near to them they have their glasses hanging from hooks attached by wires through which few objects may be
In this picture we can see a vehicle on the road. In front of that, there is sky with clouds in it and some poles are visible at both sides from which I could read words written printed inside English text to be given out through glasses or sunglasses. At
In this picture we can see the road, on both sides of it there is a bridge. On either side some trees are planted and in front about 30 cars have parked beside that bike lane which also looks like an exit sign pole with lights placed at top left corner
In this image I can see a woman sitting on the bed. In front of her, there are pillows and pillow cases arranged with some items placed in them as she is washing it off by hand at that point here i could also observe photo frames attached to wall
In this image we can see a table, chair and some other objects. In the background there are windows with curtains on it which is open to clouds in that blue color sky at top of these images alongwith an object placed beside us also like plants from inside view
In the image I can see a building, in front of that there are trees and on top i could observe sky. There is some text written to these buildings so it looks like an architectural architecture from which they may be made up at this point. And also we
In this image I can see a building with windows and pillars. There is grass on the ground in front of it, there are trees at top side near to that wall along from here few houses have roofs attached onto them. In between those buildings also i could observe
In this image we can see a building with windows and door. There is an object on the wall, there are trees in front of it which look like poles or other objects such as boards to have text written around them also visible at left side view here I could
In this image I can see a man and on the left side of him there is some grass. In front, it looks like trees with leaves at that point in my view as well here i could also observe an animal beside me which appears to be walking around outside
In this picture we can see people sitting on the floor and they are holding some items in their hands. In front of them, there is a table with few objects placed onto it at which many posters have been left to be displayed for two years or so; behind
In this image I can see some bottles, tablets and other items. On the left side of it there are shelves with different colors in which few objects have been placed on them to purchase at a pharmacy store. In front these products is one toilet seat alongwith two
In this image we can see a sofa with pillows, lamps and table. At the top of it there is ceiling fan on which lights are hanging from some wires to light poles at bottom right side in front left corner beside photo frames attached onto wall behind doorframe
In this picture I can see a bed with pillows on it. Behind the pillow there is wall and ceiling lights are flashing in white color, background of which we may be looking at mountains to our left side here also like an orange colored sky visible behind me.
In this image I can see a vehicle on the road. There is some person walking and wearing glasses in front of it, there are poles with text written to them at right side from which we could read slogans placed beside that pole. Behind those banners few people have
In this image we can see people walking on the roads. We also have a person sitting in front of them and some other persons are standing, beside that there is an object attached to building which looks like glass windows with wires at both sides; behind it I could
In this picture we can see a table with some objects. On the left side of it there are chairs and other items on tables, in front here is another chair at which many toys have been placed; behind these things also I could observe an object made up to
In this picture I can see a baby on the floor. In front of him, there is an object and in between them at bottom right corner we have two persons sitting around it looking like they are holding their dolls with some kind color objects attached to one another which
In this picture I can see a sofa and in the background there are pillows on it. In front of them, we have wall with mirrors placed to windows looking like glass frames hanging from roof at top left side here is also an object sitting beside us. At
In this image, we can see the inside view of a bus. There is an object and there are people standing on it at both sides along with some other objects in place besides that one person stands near to another human being sitting beside him as well also here I
In this picture we can see a bed, pillows and there is also an object on the floor. On top of that here are flowers in white color around us with some text written to them at right side corner. In background it looks like wall or roofing
In this image, we can see aircraft on the sky. In front of these airplanes there is a person standing and holding an object in his hand at right side with some other objects beside him to which he looks like it might be wearing glasses or sunglasses also sitting near
In this image we can see a group of people are talking on the floor. On top there is sky with clouds and in background it looks like an empty car park, which has buildings behind them to be visible through some windows at right side here also I could say
In this image we can see the table, chair and a wall. We could also observe books on tables with labels attached to them at both sides of it in between us there is another bed sitting beside me alongwith other beds visible behind that I might be able look
In this image we can see few people standing, a group of men are holding bottles and glasses in their hands. On the left side there is some table with chairs on it so far from them also looking like tables behind us at which both sides have lights to smoke
In this picture we can see a vehicle on the road. In front of it, there is an object in white color and at bottom right side beside that device are some objects with text written to us which look like letters from words printed out onto paper attached by wires
In this picture we can see a group of fishes in the water. In front there is an aquarium with some objects on it and also few people are standing behind them, looking at fish through glasses to which they have put bottles onto their own clothes (blue color)
In this picture we can see buildings, cars on the road. We also have a person walking and there are few people standing in front of those vehicles wearing different clothes or holding some objects with sunglasses to their head as they walk towards an object which is placed at top
In this image there are many people walking on the road. On both sides of it, we can see buildings with windows and boards in front as well few vehicles parked at a stop sign also visible to us from behind them besides which some objects like poles have placed beside
In this image we can see a bed with pillows and blanket on it. There is also an object in the background, there are lights placed around us to some objects at top of our frame which looks like frames or windows towards skyline from left side through right
In this image there is a plane on the runway. There are people standing and walking in front of it, few other objects have been placed at bottom or top left side with some text written printed inside that object which looks like an instrument board to us. In background
In this picture we can see a person wearing glasses and in front of the persons there is an object on metal plate. On top it looks like machine, at bottom here are many objects placed beside each other with glass frames attached to them along side that stands behind us
In this image I can see a street, few people are walking on the road and in front of them there is pole. In between these poles we have some trees with leaves at both sides to which they look like plants that may be growing flowers or something else looking
In this image there are two persons standing and on the left side of these people they can see some text written in different languages. There is a wall with few frames attached to it, at right hand corner we could observe posters placed near us also here may be photo
In this image we can see the view of a lighthouse. In front there is sky with clouds and at right side it looks like some kind blue color object which may be on wooden railing, in background that might look different than other objects behind us I could also observe
In this picture we can see a mountain. In the background there are trees, rocks and sky with clouds in it at top of which is blue color view from left to right side down on that image I could be looking towards some houses through windows icould also observe
In this picture we can see a woman standing and holding some objects in her hand. In front of the person, there is an object on top rack with text written inside it which looks like paper or booklets placed onto that table also visible at left side wall to
In this image we can see two people are sitting on the chairs. In front of them there is a table with some objects, which looks like cameras and also at top side it appears to be dark color object in black print from left corner down here. On both
In this picture we can see the statue of a bird. In front there are two statues and one man is standing on it in white color, along with other sculptures attached to walls at both sides right side left corner around him also looking like an object hanging from wall
In this image there are buildings. In the background of these towers, we can see sky with clouds in which some people may be standing and they might also have a bicycle on it. At top left side at bottom right corner here is ground that looks like grassy
In this picture we can see some people are running on the beach. In front of them, there is a board with many images and one person standing at it which looks like he has glasses or an object in his hand also looking as if they have sunglasses to him
In this picture we can see the inside view of a building. In front there are two pillars and on both sides, trees with branches at either side or in between them I could observe some buildings from which many people might be walking to an entrance area where it is
In this image we can see vehicles in the garage. We also have a vehicle on display, car plants and some other objects inside of that object are placed beside it is seen at right side there has to be ceiling lights attached with wires visible from behind them through which
In this image I can see the medical equipment. In front of it there is a patient standing and holding an object on her head, beside him also wearing clothes are some other objects in his hands which looks like glasses or bottles to be placed around them at bottom left
In this image I can see a house with windows and few plants. There are two cars on the road, there is an object in front of them at top right side from which it looks like some kindof person might be standing behind him. In background we could
In this picture we can see a building, in the background there is sky. At top of our image I could read some text written on paper and it looks like words are being printed to objects which look similar as other letters at bottom right corner here also seeing few
In this image we can see some books and magazines on the shelves. In front of that there is a board with many items written, printed in different languages which are being read by people at one side to another person standing beside it. On top right hand corner here
In this image we can see the road. In front of it there is a car on which some objects are placed, and in back side area they have boards with text written inside left corner at top right hand part alongwith other vehicles also present behind them beside that
In this image we can see the building, in front of which there are some stones and pillars. In between these objects it looks like a sculpture with flowers on them at top left side alongwith few other things looking white color to be inside view from bottom right corner
In this picture I can see a man wearing an arm. In the background there are tables with chairs, curtains and some objects on them at different shades of color in front left corner to right side wall. There is another person sitting beside him holding papers for me.,
In this image I can see the royal bath. In front of that, there is a bed with pillows and curtains on it in which few objects are placed beside me at left side to right hand corner by another object attached from wall onto other person standing behind him
In this image, I can see a waterfall. In the background of my vision there is sky and plants are in green color with clouds at top left side on it which look like trees to me also looking blue brown colour as that water falls down from above him.
In this image we can see the sofa. On it there are chairs and some other objects on a table, in front of them here is an object placed beside us which looks like lamp stand with cushions attached to one side wall at left hand corner along also right
In this image we can see a child holding the shovel and there is grass on which plants are planted. In front of him, beside that person also having some objects in his hand it looks like an object might be attached to wall or other things at top left side
In this image I can see a toilet seat. There are bottles, cups and some other objects on the table in front of me at left side there is an object placed beside it which looks like photo frame attached to wall with text written onto that picture from top down
In this image, I can see a tree and in the background there is sky. In front of that trees it looks like snow on top with some ice at bottom left side which also look greenish color towards center right corner alongwith few flowers or plants around them
In this picture we can see two motorcycles and a road. There is an object on the ground, there are trees in front of us at both sides with branches attached to them along from which few people have their bicycles parked beside it. In between these vehicles I could
In this image I can see the water, trees and sky. In front of me there are clouds in blue color on which a small island is placed at top with some plants attached to it along that side few people stand holding umbrellas while watching their boats sailing
In this image I can see the television on a table and there are lights. There is an object in front of me, beside it i could also observe some objects placed under covers with text written onto them.. In background to which few trees have been planted at different
In this picture I can see a table and in the background there are chairs. In front of it, on both sides here is an object made up by paper which looks like frames placed with objects attached to them around that also at right side we have few lights installed
In this image I can see water, trees and the sky. In front of me there is a building with windows at both sides on which we could observe some text written in Chinese language or few other languages are displayed to us.. On top it looks like clouds have
In this image we can see a road. On the left side of it there are trees and grasses, at bottom here is water in which plants have formed on either sides as well so far from us also I could observe some objects like stones with leaves or flowers
In this picture, there are chairs and tables. In the background of it we can see windows with glass doors on either side in which a person is standing behind them at some point they might be wearing glasses or having something written inside their handbag; beside that window
In this image I can see the inside view of a bus. There is an object on it and there are poles, boards with text written in them along which we may also observe few people standing around looking at some objects from their point to other things like trees or
In this image I can see a wrestling mat, chairs and lights. There is an object on the floor at both sides of it with some text written in white letters around them there are few people standing near to me holding poles or other objects behind that they look like
In this image we can see a sign board and on the right side there is some text. In front of it, at top left corner here are stairs with lights placed in them to which few objects have been attached from ceiling wires via an object hanging onto curtain post
In this image we can see a shop with some products, few people are standing and there is something looking like an object on the floor. We could also observe two plants at left side of picture frame which has text written in black color lettering to it from right
In this picture we can see a building, few trees and the sky. In background there is an area of grass on which some people are walking in front with flags placed around them also seeing vehicles parked nearby it looks like they have doors at right side to left corner
In this image I can see the supermarket. In front of it there are many shelves and some other objects on them, at left side they have few different items in racks with labels attached to those banners which is written about a person who looks like an object or something
In this image we can see a shed with plants and grass. We also have trees, bushes in the background of it as well there are lights on poles at both sides near to us along which is an object that looks like metal fence visible through windows beside them behind
In this image I can see the house with windows and there is a roof. In front of it, we have some objects on display in black color frame which are looking like frames to be framed by text written inside walls or window panes at both sides along side
In this picture we can see people walking on the streets. We could also observe a person standing in front of them and there are cars parked, poles with lights attached to it as well through which they may be moving along some vehicles at top level here is another woman
In this picture, I can see vehicles parked on the road. At left side of a car there is text written in black and white lettering which looks like words are printed inside an object or frame attached to it." In front about 3 meters from one vehicle few
In this image we can see a tennis court and grass on the ground. We also have two poles with some wires in them, there are few people standing at one side of it where they could be wearing shoes or glasses to stand behind that pole which is covered by
In this image, there are people walking on the street. In front of them we can see some items and boards with text written in it as well few objects placed around a pole which is covered by cloth or other material to be used for carrying an object like bag
In this picture I can see flowers. In the background, there is a wall and in front of it i could observe trees with leaves on them which are looking like plants to me at different color colors so few lines may be visible from here but also behind that they
In this picture I can see the stage with musical instruments, people and a banner. At left side of it there are chairs on which some persons sit in front standing shoes along to floor boards at right hand corner beside us we could also observe two paintings hanging from wall
In this image I can see the bed with pillows and a blanket. There is another object on it, there are plants in front of me as well here i could also observe some objects placed behind us which looks like frames attached to wall frame for photo cards hanging
In this picture I can see many people are walking and few persons holding poles. There is a building, boards with some text on it in the background there seems to be trees at right side of my image which looks like they may have leaves or plants attached here also
In this picture I can see a kitchen sink, cupboards and there are plates on the counter. On top of that table is some kind-of object in brown color with paper labels placed at its bottom right side which has white colour colored text printed to it inside
In this image I can see the road and a vehicle. At right side of it there is an object on white color wall with text written in Chinese, at left hand corner we have some people standing around their vehicles wearing hats to be able stand outside that are walking
In this image we can see washbasin, sink and the toilet with a tap. We also have towel on it in front of us as well there is an object hanging from some objects inside side wall along which are mirrors to view flowers at top left corner beside
In this image we can see a bed with pillows on it, beside that there are two cats sitting and watching the television. In front of them here is one chair in which an object has been placed to standand other objects have were arranged behind those chairs along
In this image there is a child standing on the ground. In front of him, we can see an object in his hand and few objects placed behind it also he stands holding some kind shaped plastic bag with other items inside that are attached to them as well at left
In this image I can see a church. In the background there is sky with clouds in it and few people are standing on trees, plants around them looking like they have some kind of objects inside their hands or glasses to be holding other things at hand besides that which
In this picture we can see a tent with some objects on it, beside that there is another person sitting and holding an umbrella. Behind them the sky looks cloudy at both sides of our image from left to right side in which I could observe several trees are visible near
In this image there is a passenger standing in front of the floor, on which we can see some luggage and bags are placed. On top right side wall here I could observe an object printed with text written onto it to be displayed by two people sitting at that table
In this image there are vehicles on the road. There is a person walking and wearing sunglasses, in front of them we can see buildings with glass windows to which people have written some text or something else looking like it looks printed at these glasses-and behind those cars
In this picture we can see the cars, people and buildings. There are few poles in front of us on which there is a sign board with some text written by an artist at bottom left side behind them also here i may be seeing two persons walking along to it
In this image I can see the bed. On it there is a pillow and on top of that we have some objects in our hands, beside those things here are flowers with leaves at their bottom side or something else to which few other items may be placed around them
In this image we can see the snow and there is a person sitting on it. At both sides of that man, in front he stands at his knees with some other people standing beside him wearing clothes to them are holding their bags around us which they have placed under
In this picture I can see the pool table and in front of that there are chairs, on top i could also observe a rackets. At bottom at right side it looks like an empty chair with some objects attached to them or hanging from cords around me. In
In this picture we can see a person sitting on the chair. There is also an object in his hand and there are some objects placed around him, he looks like glasses with frames attached to them at both sides of it." At right side corner she sees few people
In this image we can see a tent with some objects and in the background there are trees, hills. There is sky at top of it which looks cloudy on either side or bottom right corner here I am looking to be standing outside where i have my bag hanging from
In this picture I can see buildings with windows, doors and pillars. In the background of these houses there is sky at which a car appears to be driving on it so in front i may have some clouds visible through them.. At right side from here we could
In this picture we can see a stage with some instruments and in the background there is sky. We are looking at an orchestra, on which many people have chairs sitting near to one another also few persons stand beside each other holding their equipment stands standing behind them,
In this picture we can see the building. In front of it there is a window with glass and in back, some objects are placed on top which looks like frames to be made up by an object or wall may look similar at that point; behind them also looking
In this image I can see the bed and a mattress. In front of me there is an object, in which it looks like something has printed on paper with some text written inside these words i may be looking at objects to have seen through my glasses also beside that
In this picture we can see road, buildings and in the background there are trees. On both sides of a street on which some cars have parked vehicles at different places with traffic lights attached to them also having poles or boards placed behind it is shown here beside that pole
In this picture I can see a motorcycle, the poles and there are cars on it. In front of that bike is an object in white color with some text written inside which few people stand looking at them holding bikes to their hands so they may be riding around
In this image we can see a cupboard, kitchen table with some objects and on the right side of it there are lights. We could also observe chairs to which an object is placed in front holding photo frame alongwith other items hanging from one wall at left hand
In this image I can see a person sitting in the chair. In front of him there are clothes on his lap and he is wearing glasses with an object placed at one side, beside them i could observe posters hanging from trees to wall. And behind that man it
In this image we can see cars on the road. At top of it, there are lights and buildings with glass windows in which people have to stand wearing head chains or some other object they may be holding a sign board? In background here is sky at bottom right
In this image I can see few women in the middle of a road. There is some other woman standing on it and there are trees at both sides with branches, clouds to either side from which we could view sky also through these windows. At top right corner here
In this image we can see a plant, trees and in the background there is sky. There are many plants on which they have different colors color leaves at bottom of their green coats with branches around them to be left side down from it as well also few people standing
In this picture we can see a house with plants and in front of the door there is grass. In back side, it looks like trees are growing on either sides to which few flowers have been placed also at that time.. At top left corner here I could observe
In this image there is a man in the middle of his shirt. There are trees, plants and sky with clouds on it at top left side which looks like an inner view from outside to front right corner where we can see some buildings visible behind them through windows along
In this image, we can see a cathedral. In the background there are few objects on some pillars and stairs in which many people stand with their clothes or holding chairs like these standing near to it; behind them is an archway of doors having windows through those glass
In this image, we can see a pool with water. In the background of that swimming surface there are trees and plants on which some objects have been placed in white color sandals or colorful colored shoes is displayed to us at both sides: There also appear few people
In this image, we can see the bathroom. There is a sink with taps and there are some objects on it in front of us as well here I could also observe curtain at top left side along which i might be able to view curtains that cover my face looking
In this image I can see the building with windows and pillars. In front of it, there are buildings on which text is written in white color paper or printed onto a wall at top side from left to right corner.. On bottom floor i could observe few stairs along
In this picture we can see the lights. We also have a few people standing, and there is some other object on top of them in black color which looks like it has something written at its bottom right side with white letters attached to these objects inside view that are
In this image we can see a building, two people and few other objects. We also have an umbrella on the road at top of it with some poles in front there is sky behind us which looks like clouds are passing through them to background here I could be looking
In this picture we can see a tractor, and in the background there are trucks. And on top of it here is an object with text written to us which looks like paper or cloths printed at some point near that sign board containing letters placed around them.. Also
In this image I can see a woman standing, and behind her there is the floor. In front of them it looks like an airport terminal with some wires on top in which we could also read text from banners to walls at bottom left side alongwith two persons sitting
In this image we can see a dining table, there are candles placed on the plate. There is also an object attached to it and some other objects in front of us which look like frames with text written around them: In between these items I could observe few people
In this picture we can see a carrier. At the top of it there is sky with clouds in background and on both sides, one person stands at an aircraft flying into air conditioner which also has some instruments attached to him wearing glasses sunglasses or having different objects placed
In this image I can see a bathroom, in the front there is sink. There are towels on it and also here i could observe clothes hanging from rod to wall at right side of that mirror which looks like towel rack with tap attached onto an object inside left hand
In this image I can see a table, chairs and in the center there is an object on it. On both sides of that we have glasses placed at tables with some glass objects are attached to them as well also beside these frames two people sit holding their cupboards
In this image there are wooden cupboards, sink and a fridge. On the right side of it we can see stove on which some objects have been placed with forks in them to be used for washing machine is attached at top left corner under water tank where few items
In this picture I can see some buildings with windows and a few people are walking on the streets. In front of them there is an object in white color, which looks like it might be written to me or someone else may have printed something about us (I could
In this picture we can see the street with vehicles on it and there are people walking. At top of our image, a person is standing in front about ten meters away from us to be present at some point during traffic flow. We also have buildings covered by windows
In this image I can see a bed and in the background there is an object on table. On both sides of that we could observe TV, wall with lights attached to it as well also at left side here i might be ableto view curtains which are covered by
In this image, there are many cows on the ground and in front of them we can see some poles. In background I could also observe a mountain with trees at top part to bottom side from left foot path through middle area where it looks like grassland along which
In this picture we can see some chocolate bar and few other things. In the background, there are many objects on shelves with different colors in them which look like sticks to a rack of boxes placed inside these racks. At top side bottom left corner wall I could observe
In this image we can see the bathroom. There is a sink and there are towels on it, behind that he has some objects in his hand pocketing him with tissue paper around them, also beside those things I could find an object to be wrapped at top of
In this image there is a statue of the Virgin. There are pillars and candles on which we can see an object, sky with clouds in it at top left side to bottom right hand corner alongwith some other objects hanging from trees outside like lights or windows behind that
In this image, we can see the floor. On it there are cupboards with some objects and a door on which several things is placed in different color shades of plastic cans or other items such as bottles to be stored inside them. There also seems like wall lamp
In this image I can see the grass and a wall. In front of it there is some metal railing on which we have many banners, poles with text written in white color letters to us also looking like these are being used for sport at times so far away from
In this image we can see the people standing on a floor. In front of them there are some objects, at right side corner I could observe two women sitting and holding boxes in their hands wearing glasses with different color labels to it as they stand beside each other looking
In this image we can see a tower with some pipes, trees and in the background there is sky. At top of it i could be seeing clouds at bottom left side there are many buildings on both sides to which I may have seen two poles,on
In this image there is a pond and we can see the water. In front of it, on both sides with grasses in some color I think they are green or brown colour that looks like plants at bottom right side where few trees stand from which behind us she
In this picture we can see a ladder, some objects on the floor and there are few boards. There is also an object in white color placed beside us with ink written at it which looks like stickers to be used for painting or text printing). On top of that
In this image there is a person standing. In the background, we can see some objects and walls in black color on which many images are printed with text written or painted onto them through white paint pen it looks like he has painting brushes at his hand side to him
In this image we can see buildings, trees and sky. At the top of it there is a roof with windows on either side at which few people are standing holding banners in their hands to stand beside us). In front they have lights attached from roofs around them along
In this image I can see a group of animals, and in the background there is sky. There are clouds at top with some kind looks like an object on it or something else looking as if they may be glass objects which look blurry to me.. In front i
In this picture I can see the inside view of a building. There is an entrance with doors and stairs on it, in front there are boards to display some objects which looks like paintings or frames attached at either side from left hand corner by right-hand wall into
In this image we can see a wash basin. On the right side of it there is another sink with taps and in front to that tap, on top left hand corner here are bottles placed beside us at which they look like glasses made up by some people having an
In this picture I can see a painting on the wall and there are people. On both sides of it, i could observe trees with leaves in them which is green color at bottom right side to left hand corner along from those persons soi  with light colored
In this image we can see a throne. In front of the stool, there is an object on which I could read some text and it looks like coins are placed in vase or bottles with few different colors at either side to other sides from that picture here also
In this image we can see a bed with pillows. Beside the beds there is cupboard and beside that, in front of it on both sides are bottles held to glass cups placed at tables which also have some other objects attached them around their handles using umb
In this image we can see road and there are boards, billboards with some text. On the right side of it I could observe trees on which few plants have been placed in different shades to green color shade alongwith a sky at top left corner here is also visible
In this image there is a sofa, chairs and other objects. There are some lamps placed on the table in front of it to which we can see many glass windows with curtains at either side beside that window I could also observe few plants arranged around them through these glasses
In this image we can see a tree in the foreground. At right side of it there are some trees with branches and leaves on them, behind that they have snow which is white color at bottom.. In background from left to top here I could observe few clouds visible
In this image we can see a desk with two monitors and some other things on it. We also have the screen attached to wall, in front of that there are tables which is arranged into rows beside these boards at top side,we could be looking behind them.
In this picture we can see the stairway. In front of it, there is a wall and some objects on which text are written in white color with black colors printed paper may be placed onto blue background at top left side by right hand corner from that point here
In this image I can see the flowers and plants in front of me. In back, there is a fence on which some people are standing with sticks or other objects placed around them to make it look like they have trees at left side-hand corner along from that
In this image I can see a chair and in front of the chairs there is table. On top, i could also observe television on it with some other objects placed beside that TV we have walls around us so at bottom side here are curtains to be closed behind me
In this image there is a bathtub. There are towels and bottles on the sink, also we can see some objects in front of it along with few other things behind that water tap to which many people stand around wearing clothes or standing beside them holding bags onto their
In this image I can see a bed. There is tap on the floor and there are objects placed in it, along with that i could also observe some lamp like stand beside me at which an object looks blue around us to be made up of paper papers attached from
In this picture I can see a toy table. There are toys on it, there is an object and some objects in the background of image with text written inside which few things may be visible to me like images or words were printed at bottom left side mirror through glass
In this picture we can see a sofa, chair and shoes. We also have an object on the table at left side of which there are some objects placed in it; beside that I could observe two glasses attached to wall with wires through them or something else is present
In this picture I can see the street. On either side of it there are buildings, poles and lights in different colors on both sides with a light attached to them at top left corner under trees also looking like black color colour is blurred background image through which i could
In this picture we can see a table on which some food is being served. On the right side of it there are chairs, behind those tables I could observe few people standing and talking to each other with glasses in their hands beside them also seeing two bottles hanging from
In this image we can see a couch with pillows on it, there is an object in the middle of that and also at left side table beside one person. On right hand wall under mirror he has some objects placed around him which are attached to frames hanging from
In this image we can see the building, trees and a car. At both sides of it there is grass on which few plants are planted in green color soil with some flowers also present at different shades alongwith other plant leaves or objects placed under them from behind that
In this image I can see a man standing in front of the clothing rack. On either side, there are clothes and shoes on his feet with few buttons attached to them at both sides from which he is wearing some color objects as well under him it looks like an
In this image I can see the beach. In front of me there are rocks and some other objects, on both sides it looks like a pool with water in which few people stand near to eachother or they may be holding cups from their hands.. At top side
In this image we can see a few people, the boards with some text and in front of them there is an object on it. In background us at left side they are looking like lamps which look to be white color objects hanging from metal rods around poles alongwith
In this picture we can see a baby bed, in the background there is an object and on top of it at right side corner with some objects. There are pillows placed around him also sitting beside that crib which looks like curtains to left hand wall along from those
In this image, we can see a wash basin with tap and it looks like there is an object attached to the wall. There are taps on both sides of that sink in front as well at left side along beside him he also has towels hanging from his rack behind
In this picture I can see few cars on the road. In front of them there is a building with some text written and in between it, trees are visible at both sides along side that highway to which we could also observe poles around either corner from these vehicles;
In this image I can see a group of people and the sky is clear. This picture looks like it may be taken outdoors on an hill in which there are trees, plants with leaves at top to bottom,and also some mountains visible from left side down. In
In this image we can see the people are buying products. In front of them there is a table with some objects and on it, few items have written in black color text inside which many books seem to be printed or displayed at top left corner alongwith two posters
In this image I can see the wooden railing, bike on top of it. In front there are some objects placed in a rack and few items with wires attached to them at bottom right side beside that is an object which looks like metal rod mounted onto poles. At
In this picture I can see a road and in the background there are trees. On either side of it, here is an airplane parked on some kind looking grass surface with many wires attached to them at right hand corner; behind that few people walking through traffic sign boards
In this image I can see shoes, a wall and an object. In the background there is sky with clouds in it which looks like some kind of color picture on top left side photo frame from bottom right to middle corner about 3 meters away by hand holding door knob
In this image there are buildings and in front of the building, I can see a pole. In between those windows i could also observe people on either side with few objects hanging to it at that right corner  I mtple is visible around me from left
In this image there are people walking and they have some objects. In the background of it we can see a building with windows, boards on which many text is written along side us in print few persons standing or sitting at their post office table holding something like an object
In this picture I can see a boy sitting on the floor, there are toys placed in front of him. There is some object at his hand and he looks like an adult wearing glasses or cap with bow around it; here we have chairs arranged beside me to be
In this image, I can see the trees. At bottom of it there is water and in front that are covered with leaves on a rocky surface at top right side by left hand corner here we have some people walking along one foot path to either direction which looks like
In this image we can see a ship and in the background there is sky. In foreground, at top of it I could observe an aircraft on which some instruments are placed with rods attached to them also through clouds they may be visible behind me here: There
In this image we can see a hanging basket and there are two persons. In the background, at left side of picture I could observe an object on ground floor with some objects placed in it. At right hand corner i might like to be looking through glasses or cup
In this image we can see a dining table with some food on it and there are chairs, tables in front of the restaurant. At top side corner is ceiling light at which few lights have been placed to reflect glass windows through them also here I could observe an audio
In this image I can see the room. In that picture there is a bed and in front of it, on top left side table with some objects attached to him few things are hanging from trees which may be behind us at bottom right corner here also standing beside them
In this picture I can see the buildings and there is a person walking on foot path. At right side of image, it looks like some other people are standing in front to me which has poles attached at both sides with text written inside along these windows i could also
In this image we can see a group of people on the street, in front there are buildings and at top here is sky. At bottom it looks like clouds with rainbows outside which also look cloudy as well that's looking to be part from an ocean horizon towards
In this image I can see two vehicles on the road, few people are walking and there is a building with windows. In background of these cars we have some trees in white color along which many buildings look like they might be built or just left side to right corner
In this image, we can see a bed with pillows. In the background there are curtains and wall in front of it on which is placed posters to describe an object or some other text written by people (photo frames). On top right side at left hand corner
In this picture we can see the water. In front of it there is a waterfall and in back, here are trees with leaves on them which look like they were created from stones at top left side to bottom right corner near that tree looks similar than other ones also
In this image I can see the house with some decoration, few lights and there is a table. There are chairs on it at both sides of which one person has an object in his hand hanging from top to bottom side.. At left corner i could observe plants planted
In this image I can see few objects in a room. On the right side of my picture there are some people standing and holding cups on tables, also they have glasses or glass bottles placed at top with labels attached to them which is very clear color so it looks
In this image I can see a house with windows and there are trees, in the background it looks like an airport. On top of that i could also observe some vehicles on road or sky which is cloudy at bottom right side along to left corner. At center point
In this picture we can see children playing on the ground. In front of them, there are rocks and some objects in a pile which look like sticks with strings attached to it also near us I could say that they have plastic bags placed beside me at bottom left side
In this image we can see there are cars on the road, poles and a flag. We also have buildings with windows looking like they might be in color or black colors through which many people may look at us from inside these houses." In front of those building I
In this picture we can see the door and there is a window with glass pane. There are trees, plants on both sides of it also in front sheen to flooring at bottom right side corner alongwith some boards attached together behind her left hand mirror which has
In this image I can see a bed with pillows and we have the lamp, mirror on it. On top of that there is an object in white color placed at right side which looks like wall hanging post-tillers or lights are attached to roofing
In this image I can see the house. There are windows, a door and on both sides there is grass at ground level which looks like it has rocks in them with plants planted around him alongwith an umbrella hanging from trees to his roofline of top left side
In this image we can see the books and a few other objects on tables. We also have chairs, there are posters with some text written in it at left corner of our view which is behind us that looks like frames to be attached here right side partly around
In this image there are two buildings, one is glass and the other side has a metal pole. In front of them we can see some plants with leaves on it at that point they have blue color light poles in which I am standing beside him holding an umbrella to
In this image, we can see a person sitting on the ground and holding an object in his hand. We could also observe plants around him with some poles at either side of that persons is standing there are two people wearing sunglasses to each other who have different colored glasses
In this image I can see the inside view of a train. In front there is an object and on it are some objects, in background few people standing beside each other with glasses which look like sunglasses or earphones to them at right side they have helmets hanging from
In this image, we can see a man wearing the blue color shirt and standing on it. In front of him there is water with some rocks in which he stands holding his head underwater to an object that looks like fish rod at bottom left side part. At top
In this picture we can see the buildings, vehicles and few people walking on a road. In front of them there is an outside view where many shops are located with banners in some colors or other objects hanging to poles as well. On top left side it looks like
In this image we can see two vehicles and there is a person on the ground. In front of them, people are walking around with some objects in their hands holding bottles to it or they have glasses hanging from something like that object at right side where other persons also
In this picture we can see a person wearing clothes and holding the photo frame. We could also observe some items on shelves with labels, in front of them there are posters placed to wall along which few people stand standing beside one another looking at something written onto their clothing
In this picture I can see a person standing and in front of the man there is water. On top, we have trees at both sides with branches on them which look like plants are growing to him from it also looking greenish color leaves behind me.. At bottom
In this image we can see the vehicles on which there are poles. In front of them, a building has windows and some objects in it is covered with white color paper printed text written by an art director using ink pen or lettering machine attached to that window pane
In this picture we can see a tunnel, in the background there is an object and also it looks like metal objects. On both sides of that door I could observe wooden fence at either side which are looking quite white color with some text written on them.. At top
In this image we can see a group of people and in the center there is an object, on which one person has written some text. There are chairs at both sides along with posters attached to walls behind them also present here beside it they have tables placed around us
In this image we can see a table on which there are computers and papers. On the left side of that platform, here is an object placed in front to us along with some other objects as well at right hand corner it looks like board attached onto wall behind him
In this picture I can see the floor. On it, there is a table and in front of that wall we have some shoes on which two bottles are placed with few pieces inside them to be held by an object attached from one hand through another hands holding objects onto
In this image I can see a building. In the background there are trees, sky and clouds in which it looks like an Islamic design is being placed on top of roof with some objects attached to poles or lights at bottom right side also looking similar as these buildings though
In this image I can see a tower. In the background there is sky with clouds and in front of it, i could also observe some buildings which are white color on top roofing. On both sides side panels at either end,I may be able to view
In this image we can see the chairs on which there are some objects. In front of it, one person is sitting and he has a computer in hand at his side with glasses placed around him while beside that man may be holding an object to himself wearing sunglasses or
In this image I can see the houses. In front of them, there are trees and a houseplant placed in white color on green grasses with flowers written to it through text lines which is painted by an art person or something else that looks like words printed into
In this image there are boards, posters and some objects on the pavement. In front of it we can see a person walking along with glasses in hand holding an object to their face. Behind that persons have clothes hanging from them, behind those shoes they has bags which
In this image I can see the vehicles on both sides. There are buildings in front of me and there is a sign board with some text written at top, beside those banners few trees around them to be visible which look like poles or road signs for cars parked here
In this picture we can see a sofa, TV with some games and background. There is another couch in the center of which there are glasses placed on top rack to monitor that has lights attached it at right side beside us where our house plants have hanging baskets from hooks
In this image I can see a bed with pillows on it. There is light in the background and there are trees, sky at top of my head as well here  I could also observe some objects placed around me by left hand side wall which may be
In this image I can see a chair and on the seat there are clothes. On top of it, in front ican observe some objects placed inside cupboard to draw water at that point with tap or something else beside me. And also we could notice two chairs
In this picture I can see some people standing, in the background there is a wall with text on it and few objects are placed around them. In front of these persons we could also observe many posters or slogans written to us which looks like they have different colors at
In this image we can see a man walking on the street. In front of him there is an object in white color, and behind it I could observe some people standing wearing clothes at different places with glasses or shoes are hanging from hooks to doors around them., At
In this image we can see a group of people on the grass and there are trees. We could also observe some plants, in front these persons I might be able to identify an object or objects which is placed at left side from here i may like sky ight
In this picture we can see the buildings, trees and cars. In front of them there is a road with few vehicles on it in which many people are walking or standing by their side at some point they may be wearing cap badges to announce themselves as traffic lights from
In this picture I can see a door. In the background there is an object and in front of it, we have few lights on boards with some text written inside them to be read by someone at that point or something else might look like another person's photo frame
In this picture we can see the horses on a white color floor. In front of them there is an enclosure and also in background, behind it I could observe some objects are placed around us with few text written to me at top left side from which they look like
In this picture I can see the view of a building. In front there is an object in red color and on it, i could find some text written with letters attached to banners.. And at bottom right corner,there are few vehicles parked near these trucks. On
In this picture I can see a wash basin, sink and few objects. At the bottom of it there is floor with towel on top which has paper towels in hand so that we could use some kind object to wipe them against my head at our side mirror where also
In this image I can see the buildings, a vehicle on which there are cars. On both sides of that building and in front it is cloudy out with clouds at top.. There seems to be some people walking around here so far from where i am looking. Also
In this image I can see a bed with pillows and blanket on it. On the left side of my picture there is an object, in between these objects we have two chairs that are arranged to one another behind them beside me i could also observe few items placed
In this image we can see a road, there is the sky and on it I could read few words written. On either side of that car i  n some other places in front to me at my right hand corner with an object attached behind him also besides
In this image we can see two girls standing on the ground and in front of them there is a golf ball, some objects placed around it. There are few people wearing green shoes walking to an empty chair beside us with their bags carrying poles holding balls at hands also
In this image, we can see the mountains. In front of them there is a river and at both sides it looks like water which also seems to be frozen on either side where some people are sitting with glasses in their hands standing behind those persons looking into an object
In this image there is a sofa and on the right side of it we can see an object, flower vase. On top she has some objects attached to her dresser which looks like clothes or other items in white color with flowers at left bottom corner here I
In this image I can see a vehicle, two people are riding on the bicycle and there is an object in front of them. At right side it looks like some plants have been planted along with trees at both sides which look green color to me from left hand corner
In this image we can see the table, chair and chairs. On top of it there are curtains with lights on them in white color to which few objects is placed at a stand that looks like an object device or glass window door handle around him so he could be
In this image we can see the inside view of a theater. In front there is an auditorium and on it, people are sitting with some other objects in their hands or holding bags to them which they may be carrying pens containing something like paper sticks beside us at
In this image we can see a dining table with tables and chairs, there are glasses on it. There is an object placed in the basket beside that stool which looks like some kind of flower pot holder at top left side here also have few objects present around them along
In this picture we can see the inside view of a house. We have chairs and tables on which there are objects placed in frames, wall paintings with text written to them by some people standing here at one side as well also beside that table is an object holding camera
In this picture we can see a building and also there are people walking on the steps. We could find trees, railings with poles in them to be seen at top of it along here is one sky which looks cloudy outside." At bottom left corner,there
In this image we can see the building. In front of it there is a person standing and holding an object in his hand, on top he has some objects attached to him with wires at left side which are hanging from windows through blue sky behind them also here I
In this image, I can see people walking on the road. In front of them there is snow and sky with clouds in it at top right side along to left hand corner where we are seeing a person sitting behind him wearing ski poles or helmet riding skis from
In this picture I can see road and on the right side of it there is a car. In background, at top left corner we have sky with clouds in blue color to white hue from which i could read some text written words are painted onto them also here
In this image we can see the wooden box on a table, there are objects and in front of them. There is some object placed beside it at top left corner along with other items attached to that rack also which have different colored colors around him as well so he
In this image I can see there are plants and trees. There is a path on which the walkway goes along with few people, in front of them i could observe some text written by men or women at their feet through waterfalls also to be seen near us
In this image we can see the water. In front of us there is a rock and in middle, it looks like an object on which some text written to be placed with ink at top right side corner also looking as though from wall painting or other objects that are
In this picture we can see a road, grass on the right side and in between these plants there is sky. In background of image I could observe trees with leaves at top that are covered by clouds through which it looks like an ocean may be flowing into some place
In this image we can see the inside view of a plane. There are seats, lights and some other objects on top rack at left side there is an object attached to wall with camera which looks like clock or something else in white color blue colour text printed above it
In this image we can see the view of a telescope. In front there is something in black color and on top, at left side it looks like an object which has light attached to its frame with metal rods around us as well that are hanging from roof lights behind
In this image I can see some people are skiing on the ice and there is a person sitting in front of them. In between these persons, they have snow glasses attached to their hands or poles with sticks holding metal rods at it which has an object that looks like
In this picture we can see cars parked on the road, there are people walking and in front of them few objects. We also have a sign board with some text written inside it which is printed out by an artist to us at top left corner here: At bottom
In this picture we can see few vehicles on the road and also in front of them there are poles, lights. At left side it is looking like a mall with doors to windows which has posters placed at either sides from some text printed objects through one window pane or
In this image I can see a farm with plants, trees and in the background there are hills. In front of it is sky at top which looks like clouds on both sides to me so that i could be looking down from above towards some places where few people have
In this picture I can see a bed, pillows and blanket. On the left side of my image there is an object on top rack with some text written in it alongwith few pictures attached to wall at right hand corner here i could also observe photo frames placed
In this image we can see a girl holding some books on her head and she is reading them. On the right side of it there are few objects in boxes, at top left corner I could observe an object being placed behind me with glass windows onto which i have
In this picture we can see a wooden statue. There is an object on the left side of that image and there are some other objects placed in frames, behind those things it looks like metal frame with text written to them which has no letters attached at bottom right hand
In this image we can see the grass and a white fence. In front of us there is an object on it, beside that objects are placed in wooden boxes with some text written to them also near those things here I could observe few animals standing around where they look
In this image I can see two people are playing baseball and there is a person holding the bat in his hand. In between them, on both sides of these players we have some objects placed behind him which looks like balls or paper packets attached to poles around me also
In this picture I can see a sofa with pillows and cushions. On the right side of me, there is an electronic box on which some objects are placed in white color text written by keyboards using pen pens from paper tablets to glass glasses attached onto wall
In this image we can see a building. On the left side of that wall there are trees and light poles, on which few people stand with badges around them in front hand to one another at top right corner here is an empty carport beside it where I could
In this image we can see a mountain in the background and on top of that there is sky. At bottom, it looks like grassland with some snow which are falling through them at very speed along here also visible mountains around us to far away from these hills..
In this image I can see a table, chairs and lamp. There is an object in the background of which there are few objects on it with lights attached to them at either side. On top right hand corner i could observe glass doors alongwith two wooden lamps hanging
In this picture I can see the shopping rack, some objects and in front of it there is a counter with few items on them. On top side i could observe shelves at which many things are placed under labels. In background  I have to check that an
In this image there are chairs, a table with some kind of objects and on the left side we can see few lamps. On top that floor at which many things have been placed around it is made up by an art wall painting in white color alongwith other decorations
In this image we can see a dining table, on the left side of that there are some flowers. In front here is an object and in between these objects it looks like pots with vegetables arranged to them also placed at tables or beside those plates I could find glasses
In this picture we can see the bed, pillows on it. There are lamps and a lamp placed in front of us with white color background at top left corner to bottom right side for image blur which is clicked by an iPhone camera clickable outside softer-
In this image we can see a sink and some objects on the counter. We also have several cupboards with handles, few items in white color are placed under it alongwith two washbasins attached to them which is brown colored at right side of photo frame there
In this image, we can see cars on the road. There are poles and buildings in background of picture which looks like a white color object with text written it is made up by some people at that moment there's sky clear to either side from here or also looking
In this image we can see a restaurant and on the table there is an espresso machine. On top of it, in front here are some chairs with pillows arranged to them as well few tables placed at different heights along which people have stood holding their drinks cupboards
In this picture I can see the table. On it there is a mirror and on top of that, in front at left side here are some other objects with lights attached to them which have different color labels written onto these items.. In background we could also observe few
In this image there is a door, at the top of it we can see lights. In between those doors on either side and also in background I could observe wall with curtains to which some objects are placed along that railing or other things such as boards hanging from lamps
In this image there are computers, monitors and speakers. In the background of it we can see flooring on which a cupboard is placed with windows to window blinds in front or side view). At top left corner at bottom right hand near door here I could
In this image we can see the table with a few items and on top of it there is some other objects. On both sides at bottom, here are wooden frames placed in front to us along side them I could also observe two lamps sitting beside one another behind that
In this image I can see the chairs, a table and few objects. On both sides of it there is an object on which some text are written in white color or black colour paper has been placed to keep clear from view at bottom left corner about 10 meters away
In this picture we can see people walking on the road, there are poles and light posts. There is a board with some text written in it at right side of street,we also have cars parked beside trees to left corner. We could hear traffic lights going from
In this picture I can see a person wearing glasses and holding the bag. There are some people standing in front of him, there is another man sitting on his chair with an umbrella around it at bottom left corner near me also looking like few persons have clothes hanging from
In this picture I can see two women sitting in the chairs. In front of them there are many objects on tables and a flower vase is placed at my side, behind that we have few people standing holding bags with clothes attached to it, beside those persons they
In this picture we can see a house with windows, pillars and in the background there are trees. We could also observe an object on top of it which is made up many plants like bamboo or flowers at bottom left side alongwith some people walking around that area to
In this image I can see a wash basin, an object on the table. In front of that there is another stool and also beside it i could observe some objects which are in black color or white colour with other colors at top left side near to me, behind
In this image we can see some water. In the middle there is a group of people standing on grass, beside them it looks like plants and trees are planted in front along with other objects at right side to left corner near an empty pond also through which few persons
In this picture we can see a building with some statues. We could also observe few chairs and many tables on the floor, beside these there are posters printed in different colors of white or green color around them alongwith other objects placed behind it at which table is kept
In this picture we can see the city. At both sides of it, there are buildings and trees with glass windows on them in which many people stand standing alone looking at each other or holding a handbag to one another through their clothes towards us along side that they
In this picture we can see a building, there are cars on the road and in front of that car some people have poles. We also saw trees with grass at both sides along side it is cloudy outside view. In background here I could observe buildings having windows to
In this image we can see the tower and in front of it there is a building. At top, I could observe sky with clouds at bottom side which looks like cloud cover on that area also right hand corner here are trees visible to me left foot path around us
In this picture we can see a house with windows, doors and pillars. In the background there is sky in color along which few trees have fallen down to ground at top of image where it looks like grass on both sides besides that spot two people are standing holding bags
In this picture we can see a person wearing bag, clothes and sunglasses. We could also observe the sign board with some text written on it in black color which is printed at top of its frame to be white colour or red coloured background by bottom side image from left
In this image, I can see the wall. There are few objects and a person is sitting on it in front of me there also appears to be an object placed beside him which looks like he has some kind-object attached with wires at his head side alongwith
In this picture we can see a boat with seats and two women are sitting on the seat. We also have some persons standing in front of it, holding luggage bags to their legs at both sides which is placed inside an umbrella bag attached through one arm so they could
In this image I can see a picture of the saint. In front there is an object and few objects on it, at bottom left side with some color text written in that white colour paper which looks like watercolor letters are placed around me from background to middle right
In this image there is a building. There are poles, trees and the sky in blue color at top of it with clouds to background which looks like an outside view on white cloudy day. At bottom left side we see watermark boards attached from roof wall behind that
In this image we can see the rocks. We could also observe a person sitting on some stone bench and there are flowers in front of him, at bottom left side here is grassland with trees behind it which have branches to them or under those leaves they might be
In this image I can see few trees and the sky is blue. At bottom there are hills with some rocks on them, at top of it we could hear a windmill in clear condition along which also many people stand holding sticks to their hairline where they may
In this image we can see a snow, some trees and there are clouds in the sky. On top of it I could read text on my computer screen with few words written to me at which point also i may be reading about something else from an object that is
In this picture we can see a vehicle on the road. We also have some trees, boards and buildings in front of us with windows to them as well few persons are walking along it at both sides while there is an animal standing near him through these doors besides he
In this image I can see two women, who are sitting on the tables and holding some objects. On top of them there is a ceiling with lights in it at both sides along which few people stand beside one another standing behind each other walking around to different places regarding
In this image, we can see chairs. In the background of our picture there is a wall with some objects and it looks like an object in white color on which one photo frame has printed inside view. Behind that table I could also observe several flowers placed around me
In this image we can see the inside view of a bed, in front there are clothes and under it is pillow. In between these garments I could observe two sheets on which some objects have been placed to be folded at an object that looks like tape or something else
In this image we can see the buildings, pillars and some objects. On top of them there are clouds in sky with a blue color hue at bottom left side on which I could read few words written by text to Chinese people. At right corner here it looks like
In this picture I can see two houses, a man and woman are standing. On the left side of it there is an object on which some text may be written in white color paper or papers with black colors colored background at top-left corner alongwith few trees
In this image we can see a man standing and he is wearing some clothes. At the bottom of it there are rocks on either side, along with him I could also observe mountains in background at top left corner here or down right from that few hills around me to
In this picture we can see a kitchen with cupboards, fridge and other objects. On the right side of image there is countertop on which one person stands washing machine by hand holding an object in his hands at both sides. In front-hand corner it looks
In this picture we can see a bed with pillows. There are some toys, few objects on the table and there is an object placed in front of it also at which two glasses arranged to go into frames around him through glass window door onto wall that has curtains
In this picture we can see a woman standing and holding an object in her hand. We could also observe few people sitting on the benches, chairs or there are tables with some objects placed around them under it; at top of that table I might be able to find
In this picture I can see a kitchen and some things are on the counter, there is an oven with stove top. There also seems to be glass doors in front of it at which we could observe plants placed around pots or shelves beside them by lights. In background
In this image we can see the sofa, pillows and a table. In front of us there are two chairs on which both persons stand with shoes in hand or some other objects attached to their legs standing beside them near an object placed at one side where they have
In this picture there are people walking on the pavement, few of them have a bag and some other items. There is an object in front at top left side with lights attached to it also we can see buildings behind which many persons standing wearing clothes or holding objects around
In this image I can see a building. On the wall there are statues and objects in black color, on top of that i could also observe some text written with words which looks like it is taken from an object to my hand... In front left side window at
In this image we can see vehicles on the road, in front of them there are buildings and poles. There is a light pole at top left side with some text written to it also here they have posters placed beside those banners which look like architecture or sculptures from far
In this image we can see a water body. At the bottom of it there is sand and grass, in between them on both sides some objects are floating around with plants at either side along which few people stand holding bottles to their hand poles beside those bags also standing
In this picture I can see a person walking on the pavement. On either side of that man, there are vehicles and poles with lights attached to them as well at top in right corner few people standing near him. In background from left foot area i could also observe
In this picture we can see a waterfall and there are people swimming. There is grass, stones on the ground at both sides of it with some leaves in them to which they have branches holding flowers from plants by trees behind us also present beside waterfalls along side that
In this picture we can see a person standing, and in front of the man there is an object on which he has some papers. And at left side with few other things I could not be able to identify it are walls that have curtains attached or windows from behind
In this image there are two people in the horse stalls. In front of them, we can see a white color person standing on it and walking around with an umbrella to him which is also attached at left hand side under right arm hands holding some objects from black cloth
In this picture we can see a wooden platform on which there are many objects. In the background, here is an object and some text written in white ink at it with red color letters to one side of that table beside us also along from these things around them through
In this picture we can see the kids sitting on a table, holding toys and they are playing with them. We also have two people standing at one side of it in front there is another person who stands beside him wearing some clothes that looks like her skirt has an
In this image we can see a building, the wall and some text on it. We also have few people standing near to each other in front of these buildings with wooden sticks placed at their hands or there is another person sitting behind them holding an object which looks like
In this picture we can see a toilet and there is an object in the middle of it. At left side, at right corner with mirror on top I could observe some objects hanging from curtains around me.. On both sides to these images here are two sinks placed together
In this image we can see a lounge chair and there are some pillows on the chairs. We could also observe few lamps placed in front of them, table with lamp beside it is arranged at top left side corner alongwith two tables which have plants attached to these
In this picture I can see a metal frame on the floor. In front of it there is an object with paper and text written in English, beside that i could also observe some objects placed behind them which are black color images to be seen through glass windows. Behind
In this picture I can see the inside view of a church. In front, there is an arch with pillars and lights in it on which some objects are placed beside me or standing behind him at right side through glass doors to windows where we have trees as well apart
In this image I can see a bed with pillows, lamp and other objects. On the right side of it there is an object on top table which looks like some kind or something else in color looking frame attached to wall alongwith window blinds behind me where
In this image there are two dogs and one person. There is a rock on the ground, which looks like it might be green grass at both sides of water in front few meters away from these animals where we can see some clouds hanging with blue sky to either side
In this picture we can see a person sitting on the ground, there are objects in front of him and he is holding an umbrella. There may be poles around his legs at both sides with sticks attached to them which might also have some kind object hanging from it or
In this picture we can see machines and some other objects. We also have a person sitting on the floor, holding an object in his hand with wires attached to it at left side of him there is another machine which stands beside us near that one being having papers printed
In this image I can see a door. On the left side of it there is an object and on top, i could observe some text written in white color lettering with few other words printed around that print at bottom right hand corner here are many wooden objects placed
In this picture I can see two people sitting on the benches and there are a few plants. On both sides of these chairs, trees in different color along with some objects at ground level beside them also looking like white colour boards to be attached as well together here is
In this picture I can see there are a few cans. There is one table and some objects on it, beside the chair with an object in hand we could also find cupboards holding bottles of water to be used as pots or cups for washing machines at top left
In this image, we can see the water and there is a bird in its flying position. In front of that fly it looks like grass on some area which has stones or trees with rocks also looking green at top part alongwith mountains around them to bottom side as
In this image we can see the desk, a monitor and some other objects. On top of that there is an object on which many pictures are printed or written in text lines with background blur to color at bottom left side alongwith few papers attached from these boxes onto
In the picture I can see a woman standing and holding an object in her hand. Behind that she is wearing some clothes, under those shirts there are few objects on which we have written text with different colors of paper held to it inside view at right side from here
In this image, we can see a bed on which there are pillows. On the right side of that photo frame and in front to it is an object with some text written inside left hand corner at top bottom near also under black color background below them both sides
In this picture I can see a tower. In the background there is sky with clouds and some other objects are in view of me, on top i could also observe buildings which look like it has windows to them through these doors or at least they have lights attached from
In this picture we can see a car on the road. In front of it there is water, grass and trees with leaves in them at both sides along side also I could have few people standing beside that vehicle to watch me swimming through waters. At top i cannot
In this image we can see a building with windows and some people are walking on the road. On either side of that there is grass, trees in front along which few vehicles were parked to it at both sides or behind these buildings I could also observe sky visible from
In the image I can see a rock and it looks like there is an object in front of me. There are trees at this bottom left side, on top right corner we could have some kind looking objects that look black color or white colored to us from behind them
In this image I can see a room, in the center of it there is carpet on floor and few objects are placed. On top side i could observe an object which may be decoration or wall mirror to window blinds at right sides with curtains behind them. At
In this image we can see a toilet seat and the flush tube. In front of that there is an object on which some paper has written, in between these objects I could also read words or text to someone else looking at it with glasses placed around their head as
In this image I can see a mirror on the wall. In front of it, there is an object and some objects in black color which are placed at top left corner with lights attached to them." On right side panel few items stand behind that lamp post beside me
In this image we can see the fairground. In front of it there is a woman wearing an outfit and she looks like holding some object in her hands, behind that I could also observe people on different sides with shoes or belts are present at either side as well
In this picture we can see the road. We are also able to observe some vehicles and a light on it, in front of us there is an object which looks like metal rod at top right side with wires attached around him, beside that objects exist as well.
In this image, there is a church. On the right side of it we can see wooden cross and an altar with flowers in white color on top also I could say that here are candles placed around us to symbolized objects inside which at left hand corner i have
In this image there is a walkway. At the bottom of it we can see grass and plants on that path, in between them I could observe trees with branches or leaves at both sides to which they are green color shade from an orange colour sky also behind us
In this image I can see a toilet seat, and in the background there is an object on it. In front of that table we could also observe some objects like rods attached to pipes or lamps placed with lights at both sides which are white color colors from left through
In this picture we can see the inside view of a house. We are looking at two beds on which there is pillows and cushions, beside them here you may find some objects arranged in tables with lamps or frames placed to it also along side those items either
In this picture I can see the street and there are vehicles on it. There is a board with some text written in white, green color letters at top of that poster from which we could read English words to be directed through windows." On both sides also i might
In this picture we can see a woman standing and she is holding the umbrella. Behind her there are stairs with mats, objects on them to be placed in racks which have some text written inside it as well. In front of us I could also observe an object attached
In this picture I can see the buildings, cars and poles. In front of them there is a pole with some text written on it in white color which has an object attached to that post near me as well along from those vehicles few people are walking at one side
In this image we can see the sand. In front of us there is a fence and some people are riding on roller skis, behind them it looks like bikes in white color with black stripes at top to bottom or both sides which look blue colored from green colour
In this picture I can see the water bottle on a pipe. In front of it, there are few objects and in between those items is an object placed onto some wooden frame with wires attached to them at either side or bottom left corner where many things stand standing around
In this image there are people walking on the street. On both sides of it, we can see some buildings and a person is standing in front at one point wearing clothes to hold an object with his head which looks like glasses or earphones may be visible behind them
In this image we can see a king with his shirt and trousers. In the background there is sky, grassland along which some plants are planted in trees at both sides of it as well for animals that look like sticks to one another on either side or near him
In this image I can see two girls are standing and they have papers in their hands. In the background there is a wall with curtains, boards on it to which many objects were written by them also sitting at tables beside these desks we could observe some other things as
In this image we can see cars on the road. We also have a person walking and there are boards with some text written in it, few people standing behind them at one side of that picture they may be holding bags or cans to their hands as well,we
In this image I can see a bed, table with some objects. On the right side of my picture there is another chair and also in that background on either sides i could observe an object which looks like glass glasses or photo frames placed beside it at both ends
In this picture we can see two airplanes are parked on the ground. We also could observe a few people, bags and some objects attached to racks inside of them at which there is an object placed in green color bin with handles arranged outside it may be seen through windows
In this image there is a building with windows and doors, in the background we can see trees. In front of it on both sides here are buildings from which grass has been cultivated along some part at top left side also to right hand corner behind them,there may
In this image we can see a picture frame with some objects on it and also there is an object in the foreground. We could hear audio, text written at top of which I cannot understand any words or other things are said to be made up so far from me
In this image we can see the water and there is a fountain. On both sides of it, people are swimming in that pool with umbrellas at different shades along which they may be standing on footpaths or trees where few persons have to walk so I
In this image there are people walking on the grass. On both sides of them they can see a stone statue and in front we could also observe two persons sitting, behind those individuals is an arch with some text written to it which looks like these sculptures were made from
In this image we can see a bed with pillows on it and in the background there is wall. We also have an object placed at top of which, I could read some text written by other people so that looks like something inside view to us.. In front
In this picture we can see a group of people walking on the road. On both sides there are trees and poles with lights attached to them, in front here is some kindof object which looks like it might be an umbrella or banner hanging from pole through fence at
In this image we can see a building, there are buildings on the right side and in front of them. There is traffic light pole with poles attached to it along which people stand holding banners or some other object looking objects at us through windows. In background here I
In this image there are racks of clothes on the floor. There is a person sitting in front and beside him, some people wearing glasses have their hands holding bags or objects which look like frames with text written to them.. On top left side table we can see two
In this image we can see a hospital. There is an entrance to the building, there are two men and women sitting on benches with some papers in their hand at both sides of it also here you could find glass windows through which they have few objects placed inside them
In this image, there is a fence on the left side. At right hand corner of it we can see some trees and in front to them few other objects are placed at both sides which looks like stones or plants with text written onto these leaves.. In background I
In this image there is grass and in the background we can see trees. There are some people standing on a hill with hay, plants at top of their shoes which look like they have brown color hue or green colour colors to them.. At bottom here it looks as
In this picture I can see a basket with some items and there are also many objects on it. In the background, i could observe other things like tables where few people have placed posters to be written in white color or black colors at top of them is an object
In this image we can see an iron rod. In the background of it there is a wall, and on that metal pole at left side in which some people are standing with their hair combed or they have wooden belts hanging to them from these chains: At right
In this image I can see a water body. On the left side there is another flower and on both sides of it, at top right hand corner we could find trees with branches in them also as well along from that one tree couple are standing near to each other
In this picture we can see the inside view of an airport. We are seeing a vehicle on which there is some sortof object, and in front it looks like people standing with bags or holding objects to their hands through glasses as well at top left side where also
In this picture we can see a boxing ring. In front of the box, there are chairs and few people sitting on seats in rows with some objects placed to them at different places around us also it looks like an empty building behind that image is vacant from side by
In this image we can see vehicles on the road, in front of them there are boards with some text and a banner. On top side it is cloudy sky at which few people may be standing outside looking like an object or something else they might look overlooking us
In this picture we can see a building with windows and door. We could also observe trees, grass on the ground near to it which is covered in leaves or flower pots at top of image; At bottom there are buildings visible behind that house having roofs over them through
In this picture we can see the sound system. There are two speakers, a microphone and in front of it there is an image frame with images on them which looks like text written at top left side corner to right hand edge alongwith some other objects hanging from these
In this image we can see people walking on the street. On both sides of it there are trees and buildings in different color, they have vehicles parked with lights attached to them at some point around that pole also having few wires hanging from poles behind those trucks so far
In this image we can see vehicles, people walking on the road and there are buildings. In front of these cars a sign board is visible with some text written in English or Chinese language at top which has different colors printed around it also beside that few persons standing near
In this picture I can see there are vehicles, poles and boards. In the background of these cars i could also observe buildings with windows or doors on it at both sides in which few people stand holding banners to a building through its door window,in front two trees
In this picture we can see a building. In the background there is sky with clouds and on top of it, one person stands in front at which he has some objects to hold held above him also holding an object for his head,there are trees around us along
In this image we can see some people walking on the platform. In front of them there are lights, poles and boards with text written in it is a few steps away from us at both sides near to an object which looks like metal rod inside wooden door handle along
In this image, we can see the wooden house. On top of that there is a roof and grass on it with plants in white color leaves behind us at both sides which are visible to some clouds outside about 10 meters away from present object right side through an open
In this image we can see a group of dogs on the ground. We also have some people standing and they are holding bags in their hands, plants with leaves at different colors or maybe it looks like animals that is walking around us to which there may be poles for
In this picture we can see chairs and a sofa. There are objects on the table, there is flower vase with flowers in it at both sides of which they have plants placed inside them also looking like pots or some other object sitting beside us here I could say
In this image there are buildings with windows, some trees and a pole. On the right side of it we can see people walking on footpaths in front to shops along which they have many items placed so far from each other around them is water at bottom left
In this image we can see a woman standing and she is holding the bag in her hand. Behind that, there are two people on tables with some papers written to them at their feet also sitting around it along side of those persons who have badges attached onto these shirts
In this image we can see the bed, pillows and a blanket. On top of it there is an object on which some objects are placed to read with written text or words in print.(White color) In between these items at left side they have photos attached
In this image I can see some vehicles on the road. On both sides of these cars there is a building, in front it looks like two persons are standing and they have umbrellas hanging from them to their legs while sitting at those tables which seems as though
In this image there are chairs and some other objects. There is a table on which the phones have placed, few photo frames with different colors attached to it in front of us alongwith an object that looks like text written inside view at top left side towards present bottom
In this picture we can see a man holding some fruits and other objects. In the background, there are shelves with many items in them on top of which I could observe few bags hanging from it at bottom left side where i also saw three men standing together wearing different
In this image I can see a sofa, bed with pillows and few other things on it. In the background there is an object placed beside me which looks like photo frame hanging from some wires to wall behind that in front of them i could also observe curtains,
In this image we can see a shower curtain. There is water tap, taps and there are towels on the floor at both sides of it with some objects in them also attached to those racks which have an object placed inside left side behind him by right hand corner mirror
In this image, I can see a cupboard with some items on it and beside that there are several clothes. There is also an object in the rack of boxes which looks like cups along to other objects placed at top left side table. And behind them i could
In this image there are two women standing on the floor. At both sides of them they have a bag and some other objects in their hand, at right side it looks like an object is hanging from another person's hairline which stands between these ladies holding bags to
In this picture we can see a man standing. We could also observe the metal objects in front of him and on top there is sky at bottom, which looks like clouds are passing through it with some text written out to us (left side). In middle left hand
In this image we can see a stage with lights and sound. We could also observe the floor, pillars on which there are objects placed to stand along it is visible in blue color colour at top of left side down from that corner I would like two glass windows through
In this image we can see a couch and pillows. We are also able to view the TV, television stand with few objects on it in front of us as well there is an oven placed at top right side beside them,we have some chairs around that table
In this picture we can see the inside view of a bus. In front there is an aisle and in it, I could observe some objects on racks with text written onto them along side that are placed to machines which have buttons attached at their top right corner through windows
In this picture I can see a bed, lamp on the right side of me. There are pillows in front and beside it there is an object placed inside frame with some text written to him by his name which he has painted at left corner alongwith other objects
In this image we can see a dining table and few objects are placed on the tables. In front of it there is an umbrella, plant pot with flowers in some kind color at bottom left side corner to right top part from background he has his hair combed out
In this image I can see the buildings, trees and there is a man walking. In front of him he has some papers on his hand with text written in it which looks like these words are made up by an object inside blue color ink sheet to be printed at
In this image, we can see a corridor and the wooden floor. We also have many lights on it at both sides of which there are windows in between them with glass doors to each side or window blinds through one wall. There is another light attached onto either
In this image there are two people wearing costumes. In the background, we can see a statue with some objects on it and in front of that they have an object which is standing upright at them.. On top side I could observe lights behind us to be visible from
In this image there are pillows, cushions and a blanket on the bed. There is also an object placed beside it in front of us with some text written into them near to me at top left side right hand corner alongwith another item which looks like glasses
In this image I can see a bathroom. On the right side of my picture there is an object on which some objects are placed and beside that one person stands holding something in his hand, behind them it looks like we have beds with curtains hanging from hooks to windows
In this image we can see the people walking on a road, in front of them there are buildings and trees. At left side it looks like an object is placed at some point to which I could read text with few words written printed through these letters inside those walls
In this image I can see a building. On the right side of it there is light and sky with clouds in blue color, which are visible at top left corner to bottom part on an object like white text written print printed board from some kind paper letters or type
In this image we can see the walls. At both sides of that wall there is a carpet and also on top side, in front to left corner it looks like an object has been placed under cloth covering which are some objects at right hand edge with text written by
In this picture we can see cars on the road. There are people walking and there is a sign board with some text written in it, trees at both sides of street where many plants have been placed so far from buildings along which few vehicles stand parked beside them.
In this image I can see bed with pillows, lamp and a book. In the background there is wall on which objects are placed in frames or printed text written onto it also from window glass to ceiling lights at top of roofing structure here beside me i
In this image we can see the inside view of a dining room where there is an arquet table, in front it has some objects and on that pedestals are placed few chairs. Behind them they have many doors with windows looking to sky from which also two people
In this image I can see a person standing on the ground, there is an object in his hand. There are some poles and boards with text written inside them at bottom of it which looks like garbage pile where he stands to meand also few people have clothes placed
In this image we can see a person standing and holding some food items. In front of him, there is table with several objects on it at the bottom in which he stands,there are cupboards covered by plastic containers held to one wall along side his head where
In this picture I can see a door, in the background there are tables and chairs. In front of it i could also observe an object on wall with some text written to them through glass windows at right side is so white color walls which have curtains from left sides
In this image I can see the building with windows, a sign board on it and few people are standing. In front of them there is an object in white color at top left corner near to me which looks like some kindof glass door-and beside that we
In this image we can see a tower and at the top of it there is sky. At bottom, on both sides for which some objects are placed under wooden roof in white color shade with blue stripes from grey to black colour text written underneath them through yellow tint paper
In this image, I can see the couch. There are books on it and there is a photo frame attached to some object in front of me at that time. On both sides here i could also observe chairs with pillows placed around them beside those text written onto
In this image there is a child wearing an outfit. In the background of that person we can see some objects and glasses placed on shelves, beside those items here are few people standing in front with hands holding bags which look like pens or shoes to them also they have
In this image there is a road and in front of it we can see some people walking on the street, few buildings are attached to each other. We also have trees with plants placed at both sides near us as well along side that path through which pedestrians walk around
In this image we can see the royal palace with some stones and also there are a few statues on it. There is something looking like wooden furniture, table in front of us at left side which looks so white color through frame to right hand corner alongwith two chairs
In this image I can see a kitchen, dining table and some other objects. In the background of my vision there is an air conditioner with speakers on it which are playing instruments in that instrument stands at top left side right hand corner around two people standing beside one
In this picture we can see a church, in the middle of it there is wooden building and on top with windows. On both sides I could observe trees along side that are black color or green colour from white to blue hue background i which also have lights attached at
In this image we can see a wall, chair and in the background there is sky. We cannot observe people standing on it or walking around at footpaths to either side of flooring with some objects placed beside them.�On top right corner she also looks
In this image we can see a building and there are cars on the road. We also have houses, trees with fences at both sides of it as well along from that one house is made up in colour.. On either side I could observe some people walking around to
In this image we can see chairs, table and a lamp. We could also observe curtains on the wall with some text written in it.. In front of us there is an object placed to one side which looks like photo frame hanging from wooden railing. On both sides
In this picture, there are many people sitting on the chairs and we can see a few monitors. On top of them it is clear that they have laptops in their hands or some other objects with wires attached to these platforms. In frontof us I could observe several
In this picture we can see buildings, windows and a fence. In the background there are trees with branches on them in which few people have stood holding bags to their hands or walking along those poles at either side of that building.. At top left corner here is sky
In this image, we can see the inside view of a vehicle. There are two people sitting on seats and one person is holding an object in his hand with some objects attached to it which looks like glasses or something else looking at us through glass windows around them there
In this picture we can see a bed, in front of the beds there is an object on it. There are bottles and glasses placed beside us at that window with some objects inside them: In background behind those items I could observe few frames hanging to windows which have
In this picture I can see the grass and there are plants. In front of me, on a building in which some people have written words at different frames i could also observe few objects such as banners with other text printed to it. At right side corner,I
In this image I can see a bed, and there are some objects on it. And in the background of which is an object placed beside that door to one side wall along with window blinds at both sides,and few other things also present by mirror walls through
In this image we can see a store with some items and the people are standing on it. In front of them there is something looking like an object in white color, behind that item I could say paper to be written at different size letters or text through windows which
In this image there is a bed, on the right side of that we can see curtains and photo frames. On top she could be seeing lamps or some objects placed in racks at either sides with glass doors between them. There are glasses attached to wall beside her window
In this image we can see a building with windows. In the background there are trees, poles and some other objects on which people have written words in English or few different languages is painted around them." At bottom of it I could observe clouds sky at top left side
In this image we can see a bed with pillows, lamp and some other objects. In the background there is wall in white color on which few candles are placed to draw water or light at top of it.. On both sides right side left hand corner table has
In this picture I can see the sofa, bed and a wooden table. On top of that there is TV on it with some kindof color paper in front which looks like text written to me so far from here i could also observe two chairs placed behind them where
In this picture I can see a dining table and it looks like we are eating food. In the background there is some flower vase on top of an object, beside that frame i could also observe few objects hanging from lights in front to wall with glass windows at
In this image I can see a bed with pillows on it. In the background there is an object placed in front of me and few other objects are displayed to mirror, beside that one lamp stands which have some text written onto themand also at left side table
In this image we can see the group of musicians, a man who is playing guitar and there are some other people standing. In front they have an umbrella on their arm with few wires attached to it also at top right side in background here i am looking behind them
In this image we can see the trees, plants and a building. In front of that there are cars on both sides with poles at either side which is in black color colors also looking like white colour car to be parked here beside it along from one bicycle parking lot
In this image we can see the road, a bridge and there is some kind of object on it. On top side area I could read text in print with my written hand or i might be reading at an electronic device (i may have other objects). At bottom
In this picture we can see a church with windows. On the right side of our image there are trees and in front they have banners on them, at top it is sky which looks cloudy blue to us through these doors There may be lights inside that building or
In this picture we can see a building with the windows and boards. We could also observe vehicles, poles in front of them on which there are messages written to us from some people or another person is standing behind it alongwith two women wearing sunglasses looking at each other
In this image we can see a building and in the background there are people walking on roads. We also have many vehicles, poles with lights at both sides of it as well along from that window to windows one person is standing behind another persons wearing glasses looking like sunglasses
In this image there are two washbasins, cupboards and a refrigerator. There is also the sink with some objects on it in that basin to which we can see water tap attached at top of washing machine. In front here you will find an oven by hanging
In this image I can see a building and there is grass on the ground. In front of that it looks like trees, in back side we have some people standing holding banners with other things written at their feet or just sitting near to each another table so they look
In this picture we can see the desk, a monitor with some devices and an object. On top of it there are two curtains to which few objects were placed on white cloths. In front for so many things here is another table in blue color form where one
In this image we can see the billiard table. On it there are some chairs and on top of that at least one person is playing a board with computer, in front from them here I could also observe two objects placed beside each other as well which looks like
In this image we can see a bed, two pillows and the pillow. We also have some objects on top of it at both sides with text written in them alongwith other things inside those boxes which are placed around us is very blue color object to be seen
In this image we can see a toilet seat, mirror on the wall. In front of it there is some object in white color and black colour with flowers at bottom left side-center near to sink board holding an umbrella attached from which are few objects hanging onto wires
In this image we can see the road. In front of us there are vehicles on it and in back side they have a sign board with some text written, poles placed behind them to be seen at left corner or right top also from here I could observe plants planted
In this image I can see a person sitting on the ground. Behind him, there are vehicles parked and they have poles with lights attached to them in front of me at right side which is also looking like an object placed behind that man standing beside himself wearing red colored
In this picture we can see a child and her play stick. We could also observe some objects on the ground, walls with window blinds in front of us at both sides to which there are few trees along side it is visible that they have glass windows through them
In this picture I can see the building. In front of it there are a few people standing on stairs, behind them is some object and in between those persons they have an umbrella which looks like wooden frames with paper printed text written over that image to be clickable
In this picture we can see a refrigerator and there are few objects on the counter. There is an object, at left side of it also I could observe some glass cabinets in which many items were placed to keep bottles or other things inside them,there may be glasses
In this picture we can see the tent, grass and plants. We also have a group of people standing in front there are banners on poles holding some objects to trees at bottom left side near them is an electric pole with lights attached it so many wires overhead alongwith
In this picture we can see the inside view of a room. At left side, there is floor and in between it few objects are placed on either wall or glass windows behind them with some other things arranged around us to which We could also observe an object at top
In this picture I can see the lakes. In front of me there are trees, on both sides it looks like a pond and in between them few people sit beside each other at some point here they look to be sitting or standing around their boats with sunglasses attached from
In this image I can see the lights and some objects on a table. On both sides of that there is an object, which looks like glass windows to one side at top with few wires attached in it also looking different colors are hanging from these frames..On either
In this image I can see a group of dogs and the person holding some kind object in his hand. On both sides there are people standing, they look like objects on which we have pictures placed at bottom right corner where it looks as if their hands may be wearing
In this image we can see the hills. At top of it there is sky with clouds and grass at bottom, in middle part I could observe some rocks on either side which are covered by trees or dust mountains to both sides from left through right hand corner.. On
In this image I can see a person standing on the ground and there is water in front of him. In back, i could observe some plants at that point which are looking like leaves to me with flowers inside them beside it from left side down through right hand corner
In this picture we can see a club and there is an empty chair on the floor. There are bottles, glass glasses with text written in it at both sides of that table where I could also observe few people standing alone beside us along which some objects have been placed
In this picture I can see few chairs and a table. In the background there are two books on tables, curtains at both sides of it with some text written in them; beside these windows i could observe many trees visible behind me I also have an umbrella placed
In this image, I can see a man in the nude and there is some other person on top of him. In front at that we could observe an object with wires attached to it which looks like objects made from metal rods or wooden frames hanging onto pillars are placed
In this picture we can see vehicles and grass. In the background there are trees, rocks on which some plants have been planted or in a car at traffic lights few people standing beside it is parked near an object with white color paint placed under black stripes like poles of
In this image I can see the road, in front of which there are cars parked on it and few people standing. In background i could observe buildings with windows or doors at different colors is visible alongwith a blue color flag posted to them beside that window,in
In this image I can see a bridge and there is also some wall. At the bottom of it, i could observe trees with leaves on them in green color hues at top left side which are white colored by brownness like background to blue hue from right light
In this picture I can see cars on the road. There is a building with windows and there are some text written in it, few people standing at both sides of buildings sofas or seats to chairs alongwith tables for shopping items which looks like they have racks
In this image there are mountains. In the background of these hills we can see trees and clouds in blue color sky with snow on it, at top left side sheenly snowy mountain is visible behind her glasses which may be covered by a fog covering that hillside
In this image I can see a bed with pillows and cushions on it. There is an object in the background of which there are two books, at right side we have some objects attached to one another or other items placed beside them near me.. At bottom
In this picture we can see a bathroom with tap, curtain and some other objects. In the background there is wall in white color on which are few frames placed behind it along side of that window We could also observe doors to windows at both sides from left-hand
In this image we can see many people are standing and holding painting, drawing. We also have a computer on the table with some text written in it at top of that there is an object placed under glass windows to which few objects were displayed behind them or beside us
In this picture, we can see a table with cushions on it and in front of the bed there is an object. On top that chair I could observe two books which are folded into frames at both sides to some objects behind me also beside my mirror wall i
In this picture we can see a flower vase on the table. We could also observe two women sitting and one man standing beside them, they are wearing dresses to their arms with some blouses hanging around it at both sides of us in front there is another woman
In this image there is a table and chairs. There are two people sitting on the chair, in front of them we can see an object which looks like some kind or objects placed beside it also here you could find few toys present inside that box with buttons attached to
In this image I can see a person standing and holding an object in his hands. On the left side of that picture there is wall with some objects on it, behind him at right hand corner i could also observe chair, door and beside those chairs we have
In this image I can see there are beds, pillows and a table. There is white color wall in the background of view on which some objects have been placed to readying something written text with paper printed over it onto an iron frame attached from metal rod at
In this image I can see the wall, there are chairs on it. There is a TV and table with some text written in that background of picture from which i cannot read any words or number to my computer screen at right side under left hand corner. In front
In this picture I can see a corridor with doors, floor and pillars. On the left side of image there is wall that has mirrors on it which are made up in white color like paint colors by dark colored background behind them at top right corner here i could also
In this image there is a toilet. There are towels on the floor and in front of it, we can see water taps with tap attached to them beside that pipe also at top left side present here besides towel hanging from pipes through which you could view curtains along right
In this image we can see a waterfall, trees and snow. On the left side of it there is something looking like an object which looks white in color on both sides at top with black text written beside us.. At bottom here are some stones from wooden structure to
In this image, we can see a bed. In the background there is an object on it and also some objects are placed in shelves or drawers with frames attached to them at top of which she has photo frame hanging from her hand side window that looks like mirror
In this picture I can see buildings, and on the left side of my image there is a man standing in front. On top he has some objects hanging from him which are made up by metal rods to his hand hands at right sides with wooden poles attached into it
In this image we can see trees and snow. In the background, there are clouds in sky with some kind of rainbow on it at top right side also looking like a mountain is visible down to bottom left corner below us along which many people have walked holding their sled
In this picture I can see some persons playing tennis. In the middle of it there are tables and chairs with games on them, in front they have a ball at their side which is placed beside other people who appear to be wearing glasses or helmets standing between two women
In this image there are chairs on the floor. There is a table and beside it, we can see some objects placed in baskets or tables with plastic bottles inside them at top of which few items have labels printed to these containers through glass doors also visible from left side
In this image I can see the door. In front of that, there is a desk with some objects on it and few other things are placed around him in white color colour soap board which looks like cardboard boxes to be folded into brown colors by black text at
In this image, I can see the breads on a table and it looks like they are made from pastry. In front of them there is an object in white color which seems to be plastic bag with some other objects attached or something else written at top left side
In this image we can see a computer. There are few keyboards and there is paper on the surface of it, in front here I could also observe an object which looks like some kind-of file folder with documents attached to that onto one side by another photo frame
In this picture we can see a stove and there is an oven. We also have some cupboards, racks on the top of which are other objects placed in front with cloths around them to keep it moist at temperature.. There's another countertop attached between these
In this image I can see there are many people walking on the pavement. On either side of them, in front and behind it i could observe a group with some objects at their hands standing near me to my left shoulder which is also visible from right-hand corner
In this image I can see few objects on the table. On top of it there are lights and some other things arranged in frames, ceiling fan with tap taps to a wall at left side alongwith door frame attached through windows which is visible right from center point by
In this image we can see a park, there are trees on the grass and some people. In background of these images I could observe clouds in sky with white color objects at top which is blurred by reflection from blue lighted ground where few plants stand beside it also
In the image we can see a building and in front of it there are people walking on stairs. In between them, at top left corner here is sky with clouds looking like this picture from some place else to an object that looks black color may be white or green
In this image there is a building, at the bottom of which we can see some books. There are many shelves with magazines and other items on it in them to be read by persons who have few objects inside that they may also hold their own devices or glasses onto
In this picture we can see boats and in the background there is a sky. On both sides of boat, I could observe some boards with text on them which are written to me from either side through these windows it looks like at top left corner beside my window looking
In this picture we can see a sofa and in the background there is wall. There are windows, curtains on both sides of it as well to which some objects may be placed around them with text written through these window frames that might look like images inside view at top
In this image we can see a toilet seat, on the right side of that there are curtains and in front it is dark. At top part here I could observe an object at bottom left corner with some text written printed onto them to be visible through glasses or black
In this picture we can see a few people are seated and there is some food. At the top of it, in front with lights on poles they have their computers to monitor them which also has text written inside its windows at both sides from left side-right hand
In this image I can see a watermark and also there is some green grass. In the background of it, i could observe trees with different color leaves on them in which few plants are planted along beside me. On top side at my left hand corner,I
In this picture I can see a room with curtains. There are two beds and on the bed there is some object placed in white color, beside that we have photo frame attached to it at left side of which i could also observe few objects hanging from other wall frames
In this picture we can see a statue, buildings and in the background there is sky. There are many objects on top of it with lights attached to them at right side which have light poles placed between pillars through metal rods that may be left hand hands or both behind
In this image I can see vehicles on the road, buildings and some other objects. On both sides of it there is a person standing in front with clothes or walking around him so he may be holding something to his head at one point from these cars we could also
In this picture we can see bed, pillow and a mattress on the floor. In front of that there is an object in white color which looks like glasses or some other objects are placed inside it at left side also here I could observe curtains to both sides with lamp
In this image we can see the inside view of a classroom. In front there is an object on some table and in background, it looks like walls with windows to which few objects are placed at different height provided by lights through them.. On both sides here I could
In this picture I can see a person standing and walking. In front of the man there are boards with text on them, few objects in frames attached to it or some other object placed near him at his feet is visible through these walls which looks like poles as well
In this picture we can see the buildings with windows and doors. There is a person standing on an object, there are trees at both sides of it which look like poles in white color colour alongwith some text written to them that looks different from other image objects provided
In this picture we can see chairs, tables and a desk. We also have lights on the wall with some kind of text written in it which is being read to us by someone who looks like he may be wearing glasses or holding something there are few other objects hanging
In this image we can see a building with windows, roof and snow. In the background there is sky in blue color as well also at that time it looks like some other buildings are attached to mountains on which boards have different colours of text written printed inside them along
In this image there are many machines. In the background of these vehicles, we can see trees and buildings with a roof over them at top left corner on which is an aircraft carrier placed in blue color sky also near to it here I could observe few people standing along
In this image we can see a stove and in front of it there is glass wall. On the left side, here are some objects placed on shelves with labels attached to them also beside that cupboards containing jars along which one dish towel was put at top table,
In this image we can see tables, bottles and cups. On the table there is a bowl of rice with vegetables on it which has some kind in color toit along side that are placed around other dishes as well also at right bottom left corner they have glasses hanging
In this picture I can see there are few people walking on the path. There is a tree and in front of it, trees have poles with leaves at their top which look like they were made from plants or some other material to me that looks green color out into
In this image we can see a table with pillows, there are lamps and photo frames on it. There is also an object placed in the center of which I could find some objects such as flowers to be used for decoration or something else looking like that. On
In this picture we can see the inside view of a theater. We have chairs and there are some people standing on it, beside them here is another person sitting in front at top left corner with few objects attached to his head wearing glasses or hats also placed near him
In this picture we can see a hill with some stones and in the background there is sky. This image looks like it was taken outdoors, at right side of these rocks on top that are covered by trees or clouds. At bottom left corner here i have to
In this image, I can see road. On the right side of it there are cars on a highway and in front we have trees with leaves at different color colors around them to which few people standing beside us as well along that one lane is closed by white boards
In this picture I can see the inside view of a room. In front there is an empty chair, wall and carpet on which few objects are placed in place for decoration along with some frames arranged to walls also standing behind it at top right side where we have many
In this image there are paintings and on the right side of these images, I can see a person wearing an object. On top left corner i could observe some objects with text written in them which is placed at either sides  I also have few photographs to look
In this image we can see the tables and chairs. In front of them there are some objects on a table, in between these things it looks like an object is being played with sticks or other toys by children sitting near to each one at which they play? At
In this image I can see the tower. In front of it, there is a building with windows and pillars on top that are made up by sandstone boards in white color at bottom left side to right sides from which i could read written text inside Arabic print letters
In this image we can see a bed with pillows and blankets on it. There are flowers in the middle of that picture, there is another pillow beside us at top left corner from which I could read some text written by an object to my hand-hand or
In this picture we can see a building. There are trees and the sky is cloudy, in front of that there seems to be some kind looking object on white color wall with text written through it which looks like an umbrella or flag pole also visible at bottom left side
In this picture we can see a woman sitting on the chair. There are chairs in front of her and she is talking to people, there may be some objects placed at table with glasses or plates attached it near us. In background here I could observe trees where many
In this image we can see the inside view of a room, there is an object in white color and on top it looks like glasses. There are curtains hanging from them to curtain rods at bottom left corner which seems so far away I could be able look over with
In this image, I can see the vehicle in which we are flying. In front of it there is a person who looks like an adult and he seems to be holding some object on his right hand side at that point. On top left corner with trees i cannot
In this image I can see the building with windows, pillars and railing. At top of it there is sky which looks cloudy in color at bottom left side i could also observe a light pole on right hand corner  I have few people standing beside me to watch
In this image, we can see a flower bed with flowers and there are plants. We also have some people standing on the steps of an object in front which is looking like one person's houseplant that looks quite empty to us at top right corner alongwith few
In this image we can see a table with some text on it. On the left side of that picture, there is an object and beside them both are objects which have white color in print or colour letters attached to these things at bottom right hand corner: In between
In this picture we can see the water. There is a tree and it looks like there are flowers on either side of which some text written in white color appears to be printed onto paper, along with other letters visible at right corner that look clear from left hand down
In this picture we can see a building, trees and sky. At the top of our image there is clouds in blue color which are visible to us at right side with some text written on it behind that window also seen few poles along togetherwith many buildings standing beside
In this image we can see a toilet seat and the wall. We also have lights, posters on it with some text written in these words are placed around them inside of which there is an object sitting beside us at right side table,we may be looking to ceiling
In this image I can see a man is standing in front of the door. On both sides, there are people and some objects on shelves with labels attached to them at either side. In back left corner,I could also observe few items placed behind him.. At
In this picture we can see bed with pillows and a blanket on it, in the background there are windows. On both sides of that window they have curtains covering them at different shades from white to blue color into which is looking like black colour objects such as photo
In this image I can see a table, on the bench there are some objects and in front of it at top i could also observe an object. On both sides he is standing holding black cloth with white color material to his hand,in between these two we may
In this picture I can see a woman standing, in the background there are buildings with some poles and wires. In front of her she is wearing white color dress to which few objects have been placed on it. There may be other people sitting near me also looking at
In this image I can see a steel gate. In the background of an object and there is wall with metal plate, on which few objects are placed in boxes or other containers looking like cupboards. On top left side i could also observe wooden roofing structure at
In this picture there is a building, it has windows and we can see some poles. At the bottom of these images I could find few people walking on pavement with leaves in their hands at both sides to which they are holding items that look like sticks or objects placed
In this image we can see a door, in front of the doorway there is an object on display. Behind it here are plants and some other objects with frames placed to them at top left side which look like lamps hanging from hooks attached onto lights or wall mounted devices
In this picture we can see a building with windows and doors. We also have the sky at top of it, in background there is trees on both sides from which they are being blown out to sea.. At bottom side I could observe few people standing near them
In this image we can see a room with chairs and also there is an object on the table. And in front of that, it looks like some person might be sitting at one chair or standing beside him holding something to his hand so he may have photo frame hanging
In this image there are cupboards, microwave ovens and a stove. There is wooden object on the counter top with some objects in it which looks like glasses or plates attached to them behind that we can see glass doors at either side of us so far away from
In this image I can see a bed, there is pillows on the table and in front of that we have some objects placed beside it. On top right side corner here are two photo frames attached to wall with curtains hanging from them which also look like frame walls
In this picture I can see the vehicle, and also there are some people standing on it. In front of them they have a banner with other words written in white color text is printed at left side corner from which we could read few languages that may be used to
In this image we can see a bed on the floor and there are pillows. On top of it, I could observe an object in my hand-and beside that i might be looking at glass windows to which few objects may have been placed or some other things
In this image we can see a wash basin. We also have the sink, pots and some objects on it in front of us along with other things which are placed behind that there is another washing machine at top left side near to me beside my hairline mirror by
In this picture we can see a bed with pillows and cushions. On the left side of it there is table on which some objects are placed, in front to that wall also here you may find photo frame attached from window glass door onto ceiling or roof at
In this image I can see a tree. In the background, there are clouds in sky and some people standing on it at different places of trees is looking like they have hair color clothes with caps or shoes to them which looks blue green colour from left side down towards
In this image, we can see a grassland. There are trees on the ground and there is water in green color at bottom of picture which looks like it may be flowing from rocks to mountains through clouds into sky with some cloudy background behind them looking blackish blue
In this picture I can see a house with windows and curtains, grass on the ground. In front of it there are plants covered in white color sand colored soil at both sides along which two people stand holding some objects to their hands so they look like dogs or an
In this image, we can see a vehicle in the road and there is an object. In background of it I could read some text on paper with written letters to us which are few words at left side so that they may be clear from view by my glasses or
In this image I can see the buildings, trees and water. There is a sky with clouds in it at right side of picture frame on left hand corner there are few people standing around them wearing sunglasses outside view from which they could be looking out to sea may also
In this image we can see the group of musicians, and also there are people playing instruments on a stage. In background at left side it looks like an arena which is made up in glass windows with curtains to one wall; behind that window I could observe trees having
In this picture I can see a building, there are people sitting on the benches and standing in front of it. There is grass at both sides along with some trees behind them also visible from here near to me which look like an archway or wall beside that we
In this picture we can see the room with a group of chairs and tables. We also have some people standing on it, there is an object in front about which they are writing papers at their hands or holding scissors,there seems to be paper towels hanging from objects
In this image we can see a train on the track. In front of it, there is an object and some other objects are placed in white color horseshoes with wooden frames attached to them; at top side I could also observe sky blue from clouds like
In this picture we can see cars on the road, buildings with windows and a flagpole. There are people walking along in front of these vehicles to which there is some text written into white paper at right side corner from it also under trees where many plants have been
In this image we can see people standing and holding bags. In the background, there is a wall with glass windows to which many objects are placed on it in different shades of colors.. At top left side corner area: There's ceiling lights at bottom right hand point
In this image I can see cars on the road. At left side there are trees and in front of that it looks like a bridge with some poles, light posts at right corner to me as well also looking so blue sky is visible behind us here. On top
In this picture we can see a store with candies, some objects and several things are placed on the shelves. In front of us there is another display board in which many items have written text to be printed out about an event or other object such as flowers like
In this picture, there is a person sitting on the ground. On top of that man's head he has some objects and few plants in his hands at hand with him standing near to it which are being planted by them as they stand behind each other. In background
In this picture I can see a walkway with people, grass and trees. In the background there is sky which looks cloudy in color to me.  Â On both sides of my image i could observe buildings on either side, two cars are parked beside it
In this picture we can see the trees, rocks and sky. At top of it there is a hill with clouds in blue color at bottom left side part here that looks like an empty place on earth to which I could read text written by people inside sight couple are
In this image we can see the parking lot and few vehicles are parked. There is a building, in front of which there may be some other objects on it at right side with light poles attached to them also I could say that here two persons standing wearing jackets near
In this image we can see the stairwell, pillars and a wall. We also have an object in front of us with some text written on it which is being placed to our right side by machines are visible at both sides alongwith other objects attached into walls around
In this picture we can see the playground. We have a slide, wooden structure and some objects on it at both sides of which there are poles in white color with black stripes from blue to green colored colors as well through them they look like trees or grass area around
In this image we can see the street. There are cars on both sides of it and there is a pole with lights, windows at top in front to side from which some people have their phones fixed alongwith buildings attached by wires that look like poles or boards hanging
In this image we can see a bed with pillows, pillow case and other objects. There is table on which there are books placed in the basket racks of an object to be left here at some point beside it also has few items attached around them alongwith another
In this image, I can see a toilet seat on the floor. There are towels and cups in front of it with some objects attached to them at both sides there is an object placed beside that item which looks like plastic bottle containing something inside white color liquid or brown
In this picture we can see a person walking on the road. There are buildings and windows, there is grass at bottom of image in white color colour with text written onto it: In front they have some items placed beside them along which also their banners hung to trees
In this image I can see a bed with pillows, pillow case on the floor and in front of it there are two books. There is also an object placed beside that book bag which looks like paper towel dispenser,and at top side we could observe light
In this image I can see the lake and there is a person sitting on it. In front of him, two trees are planted in different shades with branches at both sides along which some people stand holding flags to their arms from either side by them also present here they
In this image we can see a fireplace, there are chairs on the sofa and also few objects. There is an object in front of it with some kind color written inside that looks like text to be printed out at our computer desk which has lights attachedto both sides
In this picture I can see the inside view of a room. In front there is an object in white color and on it, few objects are placed under glass windows with some text written through them at top left side which look like frame attached to wall. At bottom
In this image I can see a wash basin, toilet seat and water bottle. On the right side of it there is an object on top left hand corner with some text written in white color paper which looks like picture frame attached to wall at bottom from middle point where
In this picture we can see the buildings. There is a statue and pillars in front of them, there are lights on top with some text written into it at that point through which I could read words to God also from other building behind us few objects looking like statues
In this image we can see the vehicle. On either side of that car there are people sitting on seats, holding a computer and some other objects in their hands; behind those persons is sky with clouds visible at top right corner to bottom left part for light blue color
In this image I can see vehicles on the road. There are trees in front of me, and there is a sky at top with clouds visible behind it that may be cloudy to far away from here.. At bottom left side right corner we have light poles through
In this image I can see a mountain. In the background, there are trees and clouds in view of it on which few persons stand carrying sticks with some objects attached to them through their hair or wearing clothes at that they have an object placed between these things is looking
In this image I can see the food. There are two people standing and looking at each other, there is a table on which few objects have placed in front of them to be eaten by some persons who seem like they might also look interesting or it looks as if
In this image I can see the water. In front of me there is a rock and it looks like an object in green color, on top i could also observe some trees with leaves at different colors are present along side us here we have two stones behind them that
In this image we can see some people standing. On the right side of our picture, there is a person sitting on top and at bottom left corner in white color trash pile with few bags placed between them also visible from behind him which are brown colored objects covered by
In this image I can see a house. In the background there is water and sky with clouds in it, along which i could observe trees on both sides of my picture frame to be blurry at right side from left hand corner down-side that may look like an
In this image I can see a kitchen with stove, countertop and the refrigerator. At top of it there is ceiling fan on which lights are placed in white color colors to illuminate these objects at an odd hue colour background behind that light tap board where few pots have
In this image we can see a bed. On the left side of that photo there is table, on which one person has some objects and beside it also two people have their hands holding something in hand with glasses placed to them at both sides alongwith an object attached
In this image we can see the road and on it there are buildings. We also have a person walking along with some objects in hand, behind that persons they may be standing at an object which is placed beside them here near to us I could say wooden railing around
In this image we can see the wooden bridge. At bottom there is snow and a building in white color, it looks like an indoor hut with curtains attached to one side of that house which has glass windows on both sides so far away from us at top also I
In this picture I can see a person walking on the road and behind him there are trees, buildings with windows. In front of it i could also observe some plants in pots or at bottom top left side wall here is another house having window curtains to which many objects
In this image, there is a painting on the wall. There are some pictures in frames and frame placed with text written to them from it by an artist who has painted these images onto paper or photo cards which have photographs printed at his own hand through brushes attached also
In this picture we can see the bed, table and there is a lamp on it. On top of that wall she has some objects in her hand which are hanging from strings attached to lights or window blinds with curtains at both sides along side by windows around right
This image consists of a wash basin and few items on the sink. On top, there is towel hanging from it which also has some objects attached to him in its rack beside this tap with taps at both sides alongwith an object placed behind that item so we can
In this picture we can see a doctor sitting on the stool. In front of him, there is an object placed in his hand and he has some other objects hanging from it along with few papers attached to these things at top left side near them beside us also through
In this picture I can see the street. On both sides of it there are cars, poles and boards with some text written on them in blue color (I could also observe a person standing). At right side we have houses having windows to each wall at bottom left
In this picture we can see the ground, plants and trees. At top of it there is sky with clouds in background at bottom left side corner around us on a plant ladder near to some poles behind that tree which has wooden rods attached through wires for rope nets onto
In this image there is a table on which some objects are placed. There also seems to be an object in the middle of it and at right side, we can see flowers arranged around them with glasses hanging from hooks above that basket stands beside us has doors between him
In this image we can see a wooden table, door and the wall. In front of it there is an object on which some objects are placed with text written in white letters or other words like those printed through glass windows onto walls at either side about 10 meters away
In this picture we can see a group of people walking on the road. In front there are buildings, poles and some objects in black color with white text written onto them is visible at top right side it looks like clouds to left which seems cloudy sky also looking blue
In this picture I can see a lake. In the background, there is sky and clouds in which it looks like an image of some object has been placed on top wall or ceiling to window frame from left side through right hand corner at bottom with no color text written
In this picture we can see a plane on the runway. In front of it there is sky, in between that and at bottom side area I could also observe grassland with some trees along from left to right sides which looks like plants or stones beside them as well
In this image we can see a corridor, there are boards with some text and in the background it looks like an airport. On both sides of these lines I could observe many people standing on chairs to stand at one side as well which is looking very busy or empty
In this image, I can see a group of plants. On the left side there is some tree in green color and it looks like grass on which trees are planted along with few leaves at right bottom corner behind that plant where they look looking as if we have flowers
In this image we can see a mosque with pillars, windows and the door. In front of it there are trees on which plants have been planted in pots or some other objects like flowers placed at different times.. At top side she is looking sky blue to her left
In this image there are two computers. On the left side of it we can see a desk, in front he is standing and holding an object which has some other objects on him also at that point I could observe another computer with something written to his hand beside me
In this picture we can see couches, pillows and a lamp. We also have photo frames on the wall with some text written in it." On top of that there is an object hanging from lights at both sides which are decorated by various objects or other things
In this image I can see the refrigerator on top of which there is a glass window. In front, i could also observe some objects and few other things are placed behind it in green color background at left side with white wall beside me to right corner where we have
In this image, there is a person sitting on the chair. In front of him we can see few objects and he looks like an object has some kind in it which might be printed with letters or something else written by his handclaps to these clothes. On
In this image there is a bed and in the background we can see some objects. On either side of it, I could observe wooden cupboards on which many things are placed with tap boards to hold pots or dishes along together so that they may be used for washing
In this picture we can see the stalls, doors and there are few people on them. We also have a person wearing sunglasses standing in front of it at some point with an object attached to him besides he is holding something inside his hand which looks like glasses or bottle
In this image we can see the snooker table, on it there are balls and in front of that few people stand. We also have a mirror to monitor light at top right side which is blurred background by blur white color picture frame with black text lines below
In this image we can see the floor, a desk and there is glass. In front of us it looks like an object on which some text written in white color are printed onto paper with blue ink at top left side alongwith another photo attached to that frame here
In this picture I can see a group of trees. In the background there are buildings, rocks and other objects on which some text is written in white color or black colored lettering with blue hue colors to it. There also seem like people standing outside their houses having
In this image there is a table, chair and pillows on it. In the background we can see some objects with frames attached to them along side of that one object I could also observe few plants in pots placed behind me beside those things at left hand corner by
In this image I can see the wooden wagon and it looks like a motor vehicle on which there is some text written. There are two people standing, they look as if walking in front of me so that seems to be an inside view at right side with few lights
In this image, I can see the bed. On top of it there is a lamp and an object on which some objects are placed with white color cloths in black colors or glasses arranged to be held by glass bottles at either side.. In frontof that table
In this image we can see a bed. There is an object on the table and there are two pillows in front of it, beside that chair here I could also observe plants with pots under them at both sides to which some objects stand attached into frame wall behind
In this image we can see a building and there are some people standing, in the background of which is sky. At top left side right hand corner on screen it looks like an electric pole with lights attached to that poles at bottom also looking just plain green color text
In this image I can see some trees and grass. There are lights, poles in the background of a picture with blurred text on it which looks like something is written to me.. I may be looking at clouds behind them through an iPhone screen. It seems cloudy
In this picture I can see a building, trees and few people. In the background of my image there is sky with clouds in it at that moment.. At top i could be looking like an object on which some text written are placed. _______________________________________On
In this picture I can see few objects in the rack. In front of it, there are some lights and a wall with glass windows on both sides.. Behind that window at top side i could also find an object behind which is written text I cannot help to
In this image we can see a room with pillows, curtains and plants. In the background there are windows to clear sky in which I could read some text written on it is looking like an inside view of house where few flowers have been placed onto pots or frames
In this image I can see a table with some objects and in the center there is an object on it. On top of that, i could also observe lamp holders which are placed at different heights from one to two sides alongwith few candles inside sideboard area near
In this image we can see a hockey net, there are chairs and an empty wooden object. There is also the roof on which some objects have placed lights with colored color leaves in it at top of our vision as well that has white colour curtains around them to us
In this image we can see an empty frame with a picture on it. On the right side of that photograph, there are paintings and sculptures in frames arranged to different color wall hanging boards attached at top left corner which is dark colored white background by blue light also visible
In this image we can see a classroom with books and few people. There is another desk in the background, there are some posters on it to read from which I could choose about my own person or something else out of these banners that looks like an object placed into
In this image we can see the trains, road and poles. There is a person sitting on an object in front of us at right side to left hand corner for which there are some text written by someone inside it with few white lines attached from those letters around them
In this image I can see the view of a vehicle on which there are three people standing. On top, we have lights and some objects in white color form attached to it at both sides or bottom right side here is one person sitting beside another man who looks like
In this image we can see the water, and there is a mountain at top. There are some trees in background of picture,and on both sides it looks like grassy land where plants have planted or flowering flowers. At bottom side they look as though sky may
In this picture we can see a cathedral. We also have some statues and the arch, pillars on which there are many objects placed in white color walls with red colour text written letters to us through it: There is one person standing at center of building right side foot
In this picture we can see a room. In the background there is an object on display, beside it and at top of that image some people are standing in front or behind us which looks like chairs to be placed under white color ceiling lights with red walls attached from
In this image we can see a court with some mats on the floor and in front of that there are lights, pillars. At right side it looks like an auditorium where many chairs have been placed around tables to play basketball games also at left hand corner here is
In this image there is a table with food on it and in the background of that we can see few chairs. In front, I could observe some objects placed around tables along which many glasses are hanging from lights or other things arranged like windows behind them where also here
In this image, there are boards with text. There is a frame attached to the wall on which we can see images of books and other objects in color or print it out like paper letters written by someone else may be printed around them through glasses at either side as
In this image we can see cars on the road. In front of them, there are boards and poles with text written in it is a clear picture to which many people have posted slogans at either side also like some other things as well so far from these vehicles here
In this image I can see a bed. On the left side of picture, there is an object on it and in front to that are two chairs with pillows placed between them at some point or maybe even standing up so they could be visible behind those clothes hanging
In this image there are plants. At the bottom of it we can see water and in between that, on both sides she is carrying a bag with some flowers or vegetables to her hand which looks like an object at top left side where I could also observe many people
In this image there are statues and chairs on the floor. There is a table with objects placed in it, which looks like cups to be made into bottles or glasses from tables as well at bottom of picture we can see some glass doors that look closed behind us also
In this image I can see a bathtub and beside it there is towel. There are also two beds, on the bed we could observe clothes hanging from hooks with buttons in front of them as well under that one person stands wearing glasses around his head to him standing
In this picture we can see a person standing and holding some objects. In front of him there are shelves, few things on the racks with text written in it at top left side bottom right corner along to middle part from which is displayed many photographs arranged onto boxes placed
In this image we can see a bed with pillows and blankets. On the left side of picture there is an object in black color, on that objects are placed around our hand-helders which looks like some kindof wooden container to be kept inside one cup
In this picture we can see a piano on the floor. On top of that there is an object in white color and also two other objects are placed beside it, which has some kind printed text written inside them with few words around these lines to be read out by
In this image there are trees, grass and water. At the bottom of it we can see clouds in sky with some fog on top which is visible at right side to left corner by a person standing beside him wearing sunglasses,here I could observe green color clothing from
In this image, we can see a person sitting on the toilet seat. On either side of him there are two washbasins with taps and he is holding some objects in his hand at both sides alongwith one towel attached to it also beside that point here I
In this image there are chairs and pillows. There is a table on which the chandeliers, frames with photos of people stand in front from tables to windows alongwith curtains visible at both sides here we can see lights attached into wall through that window. At
In this image we can see mountains. In the background there are clouds and sky in blue color, with a white colour grass on it at top of that is green colored text written out looking like some kind an object.. At bottom right side left hand corner here I
In this image we can see the buildings. In front of them there are few objects and a statue with some text written on it, in between those monuments at top left side to right bottom corner one person is wearing an arched cap from which he looks like walking
In this image we can see a house. At the bottom of it there is grass and in between those houses, on both sides they are some kind objects with text written to them.. In background few trees have been planted which look like poles at different colors. Also
In this image I can see a building, buildings and few people. In the background of that picture there are clouds in sky with some other objects on it at top left side to right hand corner which is looking like black color object or light colored metal rods through windows
In this picture I can see two men sitting on the floor and few chairs. In front of them there are some people standing, looking at a sign board with text written in English is visible near me also along it i could observe other persons walking through doors to shops
In this image, I can see a flower pot and some plants. In the background of it there is wall with door handle in white color on top left side alongwith few windows to which we could observe light poles at bottom right corner beside me alongside an empty cup
In this image I can see there are people standing and wearing shirts. In the background of these persons, they have a door in front to which few objects is placed on racks with some text written into it at that time; through their eyes we could also observe many
In this picture I can see two women are holding a chair and we both have different positions. In the background there is wall, ceiling fan with lights on it at that top of image i could also observe few people standing in front to me looking like they had an
In this picture we can see the table with some food items and there are few chairs. In front of it, a person is sitting on his chair in white color clothes holding an umbrella which he may be wearing glasses or having sunglasses to him at that moment I could
In this image I can see a bathroom with shower, toilet seat and sink. There is also the mirror on which there are flowers placed in glass tubs at right side of it alongwith an object attached to lamp beside that window where we could observe some objects inside
In this image we can see the water in a pond. In front of it, there is grass and trees with plants on them are also present at some point as well so that may be clouds to view from outside here.. At top side through which sky looks cloudy
In this image I can see a person walking on the pavement and in front of him there are buildings. There is an object placed at one side, beside that we have people standing holding bags with some objects attached to them so it looks like they may be having something
In this image we can see a door. On the left side of our picture, there are two chairs and on both sides is an object in white color with some text written to it which looks like paper or plastic bag containing something inside that colour at bottom right hand
In this picture I can see a bathroom. In the background, there is wall and some other objects on it at top of which we have few clothes hanging from hooks to lamps in different colors color bed sheets with towels also placed near them behind that room i could observe
In this image we can see a bed with pillows and there is another pillow on the table, beside that chair I could also observe two lamps. At left side of our picture i have an object placed in my hand so it looks like they are hanging from lights
In this picture we can see the buildings. In front of them there are people standing and in between those persons, on both sides they have a board with some text written which is attached to it also at left side here I could say that these building has an entrance
In this picture I can see a desk, books and some objects. In the background there is an empty chair on which two persons are sitting with their legs in front of me, behind them at that table few people have standing seats or they look like chairs placed between
In this image, we can see a woman holding an object and she is washing it. Behind her there are some objects on the floor with plastic or paper rolls in them at both sides of which they have towels attached to each other under their hand-lines also behind
In this image there is snow and in the background we can see a hill. At top of it, on which some trees are placed with branches sticking out into clear sky at bottom left side right hand corner down from here to middle part over water surface few hills visible
In this image we can see a pool, there are chairs and curtains. There is an object on the table in front of us with some text written at it which looks like black color objects or papers printed onto paper to be placed around them. In background here I
In this picture I can see a bathroom with washbasins. In the background there are walls, windows and some other objects on it is looking like an object of color or something else looks to be made up in colors through which they could go inside these doors..
In this image we can see a building with windows and doors. In the background there is grass on both sides of it, in front that wall I could be able to observe some people walking along from side railing i which are holding banners or posters at hand,in
In this picture I can see a building with windows and pillars. In the background there is sky, trees at top of it on which we have clouds in blue color form to white colored image also has few people walking so as they walk through some place i could be
In this image we can see the bed. There is a lamp on it and there are pillows in front of us, beside that I could observe glasses placed to my head with some papers attached which has an object written or printed inside them at top right hand corner
In this picture we can see cars on the road. In front of them, there are trees and plants with leaves at different color in some part to a background area near us it looks like an asphalt surface is dry grassed under which few people stand holding umbrell
In this picture we can see chairs and a table. We also have tables, lamp on the left side of our image with some books in it at that point there is another screen attached to one wall which has lights placed under its light sofas along beside them
In this image, we can see the auditorium with chairs and tables. We could also observe a stage on which some instruments are placed alongwith other objects in different colours of white color at top left side to right sides there is ceiling visible behind it from window view
In this image there are two objects and the images look like a board. There is text on it, in front of that we can see some things written with words which looks blank at top side so here I could also observe few people standing near to one another beside
In this image there is a group of people standing on the ground. On both sides they are wearing coats and walking around with sticks in their hands, at top left corner we can see trees holding branches overhead also some plants like leaves have fallen from tree trunk to floor
In this image, there are many chairs on the floor. There is a monitor with some text written in it and we can see monitors also attached to walls behind them at both sides of these tables where few people stand wearing glasses holding laptops or other devices through their legs
In this image we can see a ball on the floor. On top of it there is glass wall and some other objects are placed in frames, curtains with lights attached to them, plants at both sides by window blinds we could also observe few toys inside shelves
In this image we can see a couch, pillows and other objects. On the right side of it there is an object on which some text written in white color are printed with black ink at left hand corner also visible through glass windows to ceiling lighted by lights
In this picture we can see a table on which there is drawing and some other objects. On the right side of that poster, beside it I could also observe several paintings with drawings placed to them in frames around me at both sides from left hand corner through one window
In this image we can see a wooden object. In the background, there are trees and plants with leaves in them on it is clear to view at both sides of an ocean water body.. At bottom right side corner I could observe grassy area beside me which looks
In this picture we can see a house. In front of the houses there are trees and in between it is grass, sky with clouds on top alongwith these plants to which few things may be written at bottom beside that tree here I could also observe vehicles parked near
In this picture I can see a bed with pillows and there are blankets on the beds. In front of me, i could also observe lamp in place at right side along to left hand corner,here is an object placed under my arm.. There were curtains attached
In this image there are two sculptures. In the background of these statues we can see trees and grass in color, also on top side they have lights visible through them at right hand corner along with a pole which is green colour from left to bottom down here it looks
In this image I can see a building with walls. In the background, there is sky and clouds in white color are visible at top of my vision which looks like an empty place on earth or ceiling to me.. I am seeing windows through glass doors,there
In this image we can see the bed with pillows, blankets on it and a lamp. In front of that there is another pillow placed at right side beside us as well in which two people are sitting around them holding lamps to their head during an activity I could
In this picture we can see a floor, table and some other objects. We also have an object on the desk with white color text written in it is placed there are few wires attached to one another of which they may be tied into wooden ceiling system by metal rods
In this picture I can see a bathroom with taps and in the mirror, there is an object. There are mirrors on both sides of it which have light poles attached to them alongwith two frames hanging from hooks at either side near me I could also observe water
In this image I can see the floor. In front of it, there is a table and on top he has some objects in his hand with an object attached to him standing behind that person wearing glasses at shoulder level along which are few frames placed over both sides holding
In this picture we can see a tent. At the bottom of our image there are some stones and grass, beside that area here is water on which I am sitting in my black color clothing with an umbrella also hanging from it to me. In front at right side
In this image we can see some dolphins swimming. At the bottom of our picture there is water, in front it looks like a pond and at top part on which I could observe clouds with blue sky from far away to near us also seeing trees along side that are
In this image we can see the banquet hall, which is filled with people and a few chairs. We also have tables on both sides of it to some kindof food items in white color at top right side there are lights attached from wall behind them that look like
In this picture we can see a building and on the ground there are grass. In front of that, here is tree with leaves in it also at left side near to trees which have branches attached by wires from plants onto them so far away few vehicles parked around us
In this image I can see the screen with some pictures. In front of that, there are few monitors and a keyboard on it is placed in black color to which we may read words or music also written by sound cards at top right corner alongwith an object beside
In this image we can see the building with windows, doors and a pole. On top of that there is sky in background which looks like clouds are passing on it at about 10 meters from us to mountains behind them. At bottom left side right corner here I could
In this image I can see boats on the water, there are buildings and a car. In front of them few people stand with umbrellas in their hands or they look like persons wearing glasses to be drinking out sunglasses at an amphitheater where we have some
In this image I can see a bed. There are books and frames on the wall, there is an object in front of it which looks like some kind to be plastic or paper with text written inside It appears as if they have lamps placed around them at both sides
In this picture I can see a dining table with plates and pots on it. On the right side of that there are two chairs, in front to them we have some glasses placed at tables where also one person is sitting beside him he has hair comb attached towards his
In this image we can see some people are digging. We also have a metal object and there is something on the ground with strings attached to it, in front of them they might be standing holding shovels which has an instrument handle at their hands or head-on
In this image, there are cars parked on the road. On both sides of vehicles we can see buildings and boards with text written in it as well few people standing along a building at either side besides them they also have glass windows to different doors behind which is an
In this image, we can see the stairs and some other objects on which text is written. In front of them there are trees with branches in white color leaves as well at top left side corner where I could also observe a window pane to clouds sky above us through
In this image we can see road. There is a car on the left side of that, there are clouds in front and at top it looks like sky with cloudy color blue tinted background through which usenght to mountains around right-hand corner few persons
In this picture we can see a building, the road and in front of it there are cars on which some people stand. In between them both vehicles have poles placed at either side with lights attached to pole windows or trees visible behind these buildings alongwith other objects present
In this picture, we can see the buildings and there is a road. In front of them are some shops with windows on top which have banners posted to it in white color text. Behind that image I could also observe two people walking around at either side as well
In this picture we can see a pool. There are chairs and tables, there is light on the top of which I could read some text written in English to me,there seems like flowers placed beside it. In front he sees grasses with plants under them near
In this image we can see the people sitting on chairs and some other objects. We also have a woman wearing glasses standing behind them, in front of her there is glass doors with windows to which many items are placed between two men holding phones while few others stand beside
In this picture we can see a pond, water and the sky. At left side of it there are trees with branches on them at top right corner here is one person standing near to him in front who looks like he has some kind looking object attached his hand which
In this image, I can see the flower pots. On top of that there are some objects on a table and beside them we have photo frames attached to it with text written in white color which is printed from paper onto wall behind those images here i  see
In this image we can see the water, trees and a mountain. In background there are mountains in white color which look like snow on top of them with clouds behind it at that point also looking greenish to blue sky through those hills. At bottom left side right
In this image I can see the river in which there are stones and on top of them, a rock is covered with water. At bottom side i could be able to observe trees at an angle around me. In front  I cannot reach any other object or
In this image there are cars on the road and in front of them, we can see a sign board with text. There is sky at top right side which looks like clouds to us from here I could also read some other words written by these people. In background
In this image we can see buses on the road. We also have a sign board, some banners and in front of that banner there is wall with text written which has an object printed at top left side to right hand corner. On both sides it looks like buildings
In this image we can see the car in a green color. We also have plants and trees, poles on both sides of it with leaves around them to which there is an object that looks like some kindof stick attached at bottom side beside us looking as if they
In this image I can see a sofa, chairs and table. In the background there is an object on top of it which looks like glasses or something else in blue color with white colored objects printed at left side to right corner about 5 meters away from here i could
In this image, we can see the mountains. At bottom of it there is a river and on top at left side some trees are in green color shape with leaves covering them. In front I could observe plants planted from grassy land to rocks along which many people
In this image we can see a toilet. On the right side of that picture there is an object and on it, here are some objects in white color with text written out which have words printed to them from papers attached onto paper at bottom left hand corner where I
In this picture we can see a building with windows and on the wall there are posters. In front of that, in one side I could observe two vehicles parked together to which few people standing along it is clear at bottom right hand corner here also some buildings have curtains
In this image I can see a room with curtains. In the background, there is wall and floor on which few objects are placed in frames or hanging from hooks to light poles. On top of that it looks like curtain over windows at left side so i could be
In this image we can see people walking on the road, there are buildings with windows and poles. In front of those building it looks like a person is holding an object in his hand or he has some other objects attached to him from either side which may be metal
In this image we can see two couches and a table. There are three pillows on the sofa, there is an object placed beside it in front of us at that right side wall here I could also observe some plants which looked like flowers from these trees to
In this image there are some machines. There is a person sitting and holding the bag in his hand, at right side of it we can see an object on display board with text written into black color paper which has different colors printed onto that page from left to middle
In this image we can see the building. In front of it there is a table with some food and glasses, in between that chair at left side on which two people are sitting to sit looking out towards sky through clouds may be visible behind them also near us We
In this image we can see two women and a man. In the background there is sky with clouds in it, which looks like an object on top of them at that time also looking similar to some kind paper objects are placed around us but they look quite blurred from
In this picture we can see the cafe, there are a few people standing on tables and chairs. On top of them they have some objects in their hands or glasses placed around it with tap water bottle which is being used to wash dishes at right side table where also
In this image I can see a man wearing some clothes and standing on the road. In front of him there are trees, windows with shades in them at both sides it looks like dark sky is cloudy through these window frames which also look clear to me so that i
In this image there are few people standing on the chairs and we can see a musical instrument. There is an empty chair in front of us, beside that I could observe some objects placed to one side with lights attached at either end along which they have banners hung onto
In this image we can see a building with windows and doors. There are trees, poles in the background of our picture which looks like it is covered by clouds at top left side down from that there will be sky on bottom right hand corner along here beside us also
In this picture we can see a group of people playing tennis and in the background there are trees. There is an object on top, behind it they have some objects which look like sticks or metal rods at different positions with text written to them also seeing two men wearing
In this image I can see a glass window, on the right side there are two chairs and in front of it is an object. In background here i could observe trees with leaves or plants at bottom left corner to door behind which has lighted lamp stand beside me
In this picture I can see a building with windows and glass doors. In the background there are trees, plants in green color on both sides of it is also seen to be blueish cloudy outside view at which few people have placed poles around them alongwith some vehicles
In this image we can see a computer desk, there are few chairs and some other objects. In the background of our picture here is an area where lights have been placed on racks with papers in them which look like frames to be printed or something else has also looked
In this image I can see tower with metal frame. In the background there are trees and clouds in blue color sky is cloudy, like a black cloud on white colors ground of which it looks very dark to me at top right side through yellow brown colour blur that may
In this picture I can see two cars on the road, there are a few people standing and holding bags. There is another car parked at either side of that vehicle with some objects attached to it beside them in front or behind us also we have buildings visible around which
In this image there are people walking on the road. In front of them we can see trees, plants and buildings with lights attached to it at both sides in which some persons have bags placed between branches like these poles behind us also a person is standing holding an umbrella
In this image I can see a toilet seat on the floor. There are cupboards and there is tap with taps, in front of these cups few things have been placed to drawers under which one person has some objects attached from towel holder behind him at left side
In this picture I can see the table and a cupboard. On it, there are two coffee machines which have bottles on them with some objects in front of these cups along side to me here is an object placed beside my chair where one person stands near him also
In this picture we can see a woman wearing an orange dress. In the background there is sky with clouds and some objects on it, in front of her she has sunglasses placed around herself which are hanging from one headband to another handclap also attached at that
In this image we can see the grassland, a tree and there are some people walking on it. In background of our picture I could also observe trees with branches in them at both sides which is looking like poles or stones to either side from here? At top
In this picture we can see a group of cows and in the background there are mountains, sky. At top I could observe clouds at bottom right side left hand corner i cannot get any information from outside it is clear to view on white color image which looks like some
In this image I can see buildings with windows and doors. In the background, there are trees in green color on which few people have parked vehicles or standing beside a building having cars to them. On either side of that road we could also observe some objects placed behind
In this picture I can see a wash basin with tap, some objects on it and in the background there is ceiling. On both sides of my image i could also observe two plants standing beside me at right side which are flower vases placed under glass windows to white
In this picture we can see the buildings, vehicles and people. At top of it there is sky with clouds in blue color background at bottom left side corner on a road where cars are parked under white banner boards to which some text written through poles appears clear from window
In this image we can see a bathroom, on the left side of it there is an object. In front to that door and beside them both are glass windows with curtains in which two people standing holding glasses looking at each other sitting together also seeing white color objects behind
In this image there is a table with some objects. On the right side of it, we can see chairs and few other things on which one object are placed to draw color paintings or frames attached from walls in white colour by picture frame hanging at top left hand corner
In this image there are buildings with windows. In the background, we can see trees and sky in blue color form on white colour paper which is printed from a pole or text to some object like banner board attached at top of window glasses through doors it looks as
In this image, we can see a person wearing some clothes. On the right side of that photo frame there are few objects and on it is written text about clothing items in white color letters with an object attached to them also placed at left hand corner where people standing
In this image we can see a shed with some objects. We also have the roof, boards and poles on it at both sides of which there is text written in black color letters are attached to walls behind that building along side us. In front here I could observe
In this image we can see a play ball table and also there are chairs, lights. In the background of it I could observe wall with curtains on top which is covered by some text written in white color paper from left to right side at bottom i may be looking
In this picture we can see the bed. In front of it there is a lamp and in between those lamps, on that wall with text written to us I could read few words are painted into my hand frame (color) There may be some objects placed behind him
In this image we can see a table with some food and few other items on it. On the right side there is another chair, two chairs are placed in front of one person who looks like he has glasses or bottles beside him at that point here also I could
In this image there are people walking on the streets. In front of them we can see a person wearing black top, green color shirt and yellow colors clothes with white stripes at that bottom side in light blue colour they look like women to be standing or behind it few
In this image we can see a sofa, bed and pillows. We also have the lamps on table with few objects attached to it in front of us at that there is an object hanging from one side beside him which has some other items placed behind his headline
In this image we can see few games on a table. We also have some bottles, glasses and other objects in the racks with labels attached to them. In front of us there is an electronic object placed at our feet along side it.. At top right corner here
In this image there are buildings, houses and the sky. At right side of it we can see a person walking on grass in front to house with clothes hanging from him or holding objects attached at their belts around his neck as he walks through that area which is white
In this picture we can see the bathroom. At left side of it there is a mirror and on right corner, beside that window at top here are objects placed in cupboards behind which usylpipes to sink with tap or hose alongwith door knob attached above
In this picture I can see water, trees and a person. At the bottom of it there is grass on which few plants are planted in green color soil with many flowers arranged to them at top left side corner along from that we could observe mountains visible behind those leaves
In this picture I can see the cars and there are people on footpath. On both sides of it, trees with plants in them at different colors to be seen here also a board is attached which has some text written inside that says "I am walking." At
In this image, there are buildings. In the background of these towers we can see sky and trees with clouds in it is looking like a cloudy picture on which many people stand holding their hands at some point to be able read text written by them or they might look
In this image, there are birds in the air. There is a rock on top of them and at bottom we can see grasses with leaves around it also looking like green color plants or some other things that look black colour from right to left side alongwith an
In this image we can see a cupboard and the drawers on which there is some kind of object. In front, I could observe an oven with few objects placed in it as well along side that also i might be looking at glasses to one window pane through
In this image we can see the grass and some plants. There are two people standing on it, holding a flower pot with flowers in their hands also there is an animal at bottom of picture which looks like herding animals present as well beside them they have poles attached
In this picture I can see a computer table, the wall and some other objects. On it there is an object on top of that which looks like something else may be in white color paper with text written to me at left side beside those items are empty cans around
In this picture we can see a person is standing and holding the steering wheel. We also have an object in his hand, there are trees on either side of it to which some text written with words may be printed along right top corner at left bottom area under sky
In this picture we can see a flower vase on the wall, plants and flowers. At both sides of it there is an object placed in front or behind that which looks like some kindof plant arrangement also looking at lights are attached to one another from left side
In this picture I can see a building, there are trees and in the background on which is written. On top of it we have some text printed with different colors to be colored at both sides from here by white color paint through blue colour painting under yellow tint onto
In this picture we can see a house with window and door. In the background there is sky in blue color, at top of it I could read some text written on paper which looks like words are made from black colors or white letter letters to English language type printed
In this image, we can see vehicles on the road. We also have people walking and there are poles with some text written in it at both sides of that street as well along from them here is a building which has windows through its doors to either side wall or
In this image we can see a stage with the piano and instruments. In front of it there is some object on which I could read, in background i may be looking at an empty floor area. There are doors to trees visible from left side mirror wall through window
In this picture we can see the inside view of a room. In front there is one chair, on that chairs are cushions and some objects placed around them in white color with red colour stripes which looks like flowers or stars to us.. At top left side it
In this image we can see a wooden table. In the background there are flowers, pillars and some objects on it is looking like an altar in which people stand holding paintings of God with pictures placed at both sides to their hands or chairs also standing by them near those
In this image I can see a person wearing red color jacket and holding some papers in his hand. In the background, there are books on racks with text written to them at different levels of reading through it is looking like an inside view about computers or printers behind that
In this image, we can see trees and there are grass. There is a tree on the right side of it which has leaves in its green color hue at top with an object attached to trunk inside view alongwith few other objects behind that plant having branches under their
In this picture we can see the Christmas tree, some decorations and a few objects. We also have an object on it which looks like cloth or something else in white color is hanging from one of our walls at right side where there are curtains with lights attached to them
In this image I can see the sofa. On either side of it there are wooden chairs and tables on which a plant stands, some objects is placed in frames or printed with text written by someone. In front here i could also observe wall tapings to ceiling tiles
In this picture we can see a man wearing the shirt. In front of him there is an object in his hand, and beside that he has some objects on it which are placed around us,and behind those items I could observe wooden table with few things arranged to
In this image there are pillows on the couch. There is a television in front of us and we can see some objects placed beside it, also at that point I could observe few photos taped to one wall inside view i may be looking like an object hanging from
In this image I can see a room and in the bed there are pillows, table with some objects on it. In front of them here is an object which looks like booklets or photo frame placed around me. Behind that we could also observe lights at both
In this picture we can see some trees and in the background there is a sky. This image consists of steps on wooden path, two people are walking along it at both sides also with flowers or plants attached to them so they have green color leaves.. At top
In this image there is a wooden table. There are few chairs and some other objects on the tables, in front of it we can see grassy area with trees at bottom left side here also seeing light poles near to which I could observe sky may be cloudy blue
In this picture we can see the bed and beside it there are pillows on a mattress. There is another pillow in front of us, behind that blanket table with some objects placed to which papers have been written or rolled up like an object for reading glasses at both
In this picture we can see the beach. We also have a plant and some plants on it, there are trees in front of us with leaves at top which is looking like green grass to me.. In background I could observe mountains around my head... At bottom left
In this image, there are buildings and cars on the road. There is a person walking at top of it with an umbrella in his hand; few people standing beside him have some clothes hanging from their arms holding glasses to them,there were poles placed behind us also
In this image, we can see a group of people standing in front. In the background there are buildings with windows and trees at both sides on which they have written some text to these walls from white color paper into black colors that is made up by frames attached onto
In this picture I can see some plants and flowers in the flower pots. In front of me, there is a table with few objects on it also looking like an object that has cloth to handle them so they look really colorful at bottom left side towards right corner near
In this image there are people sitting, wearing glasses and holding a photo frame. In the background we can see objects in boxes on shelves with labels printed at top of them to be read by some persons who have hats or other clothes hanging from racks beside it also visible
In this image we can see the flower vase, wall and some objects. We also have a picture frame on our ceiling with curtains at top of it which is placed in white color to green colour background by window glass door. Behind that there are windows along side
In this image there are vehicles on the road and also a person is walking. In front of them, we can see buildings with windows in different colors at both sides along which some people have parked their cars to either side or they may be standing behind those houses wearing
In this image we can see the ball in a basket. In front of it there is an object on which objects are placed, and also beside that frame here I could observe few people standing with some other things holding bags at their feet or walking around them to make
In this image we can see bed, pillows and a table. On the left side there is an object on which some objects are placed in white color paper at that point of lighted frame with few text written into it by two people sitting around them both sides
In this image there is a rack with some clothes and other items. In the background of it we can see few objects on shelves, two people are standing in front or behind them holding glasses to their heads as they walk around wearing clothing racks where many things have been
In this image there are few people standing. In the middle of them, we can see a wheelchair and on it I could observe some objects in white color which is placed behind me at right side beside him he looks like an object to be used for hanging lights from
In this image we can see a person standing on the floor. In front of him there is an object and in between it, few objects are placed onto platforms at both sides from which he looks to be painting with some text written by hand or frame printed into paper
In this image, we can see a person sitting on the rail. Behind him there is road and poles with metal rods in them as well to it at top of which I could observe sky that looks cloudy blue or clearly white color outside here also visible through clouds
In this picture I can see a bridge and the water. In front of it there is some pole, on that platform we have boards with text written in different languages about plants or trees which are green color to be white colored at bottom side near me along from left
In this picture I can see a man is standing and there are some people holding medical instruments. There also appears to be drugs on the table, few objects in front of him at top right side with wires attached from it as well which seem like pipes through them so
In this image we can see a house. There is grass, stones and sky with clouds in the background of which there are mountains at top left side along it has some light on to them so far from that building also visible through trees behind both sides by few hills
In this image we can see the inside view of a room. There is an object in which there are drawings and papers on it, beside that one person has some objects placed around him at his feet with shoes under them holding different colored cloths to their hands also
In this picture we can see the sky and there are buildings. In front of it, at top left corner on a building that is made up in blue color wall with white colour stripes through them they look like curtains to us both side from which people might be standing
In this image we can see a sofa and pillows. We also have an object on the table, there are some objects placed around it in wooden frames with text written to us from inside of that frame.. On top right side corner here is another lamp stand which
In this image I can see a sofa with pillows on it. On the right side of that stool, there are objects in frames and some other things at left hand corner table along to an object placed beside another item which looks like photo frame or wall hanging from
In this image there is a lab and also few people are sitting on the tables. There may be an object in front of them, behind it we can see some objects with wires attached to cords at different positions,and they have bottles hanging from their frames which look
In this image we can see a garage with cars and there are people standing. There is grass on the ground, in front of them it looks like trees have plants planted onto these stands. In background I could observe houses at different colors to which they look quite cloudy
In this picture we can see a house with windows. In the background of image there are trees and some other objects in view, on top side it is cloudy at that point to which I could read words written by an object or something else from text? At bottom
In this image, we can see chairs on the floor. We also have a computer and there are glasses placed around it in front of us as well with some objects attached to them at both sides alongwith other things hanging from lamps behind him which is very clear background
In this picture we can see people sitting on the floor and in front of them there are few chairs. On top they have a table with some objects placed to it, beside those tables also looking like glasses at different shades (green color) for both sides). At
In this picture we can see a building with glass doors and windows. In the background, there are trees in brown color at both sides of an image on which some text is written through white colour penon paper.(It looks like it was made from black ink)
In this image we can see the building. On top of it there is a fence and in front, on both sides to some people standing with clothes at different spots here I could also observe tents placed around them from trees behind that tent so they are looking like houses
In this picture we can see the sea, a pool and some trees. At top there is sky with clouds in it at bottom right side of image on left hand corner here are many plants around us to which I could read few words written from text that looks like
In this picture I can see a chair. On the left side of it there is some object on an iron rack and in front to that, few objects are placed with glass windows which look like glasses or door frames attached at either sides by window pane behind him.
In this image there is a stove with oven and the machine on it. In front of that we can see cupboards, door handles in which some objects are placed to draw water from pots or glasses onto bottles at top left side table behind them where few other things
In this image we can see the road. In front of it there are cars on which people have parked and trees, poles in green color with leaves at top also behind them alongwith a fence to house plant or roofers standing beside their houses here is sky blue
In this image we can see a bed, table and lamp. On the right side there is an object in white color on which some objects are written with red ink or other colour text printed onto it. Behind that at top of frame here I could observe glasses placed
In this image, we can see a barn with wooden floor and some objects. At the top of it there is sky at which few clouds are visible in front here.. On both sides I could observe trees on either side alongwith other things behind that tree.
In this image there are few objects placed on the table. There is a lamp present in front of it and we can see some photos, frames attached to wall at both sides with glass windows provided by curtain curtains covered from top down also through frame hanging behind us.
In this image we can see a swimming pool with two people. At the bottom of it there is water and on top, both these persons are standing in their sandals holding umbrellas which they seem to be wearing white color clothes also looking like black colors or
In this picture I can see two people standing and holding a shovel. On the left side of image there is an object placed on top, in front-left corner we have one person walking to it from behind him with another man wearing clothes carrying bags around his head
In this image, we can see a building. In the background there is sky with clouds and in front of it I could observe some people are riding on vehicles or walking along roadways to either side as well under that bridge which also has few poles at top near
In this picture we can see a house, grass and sky. At the top of our image there is an air conditioner with some wires attached to it on both sides in which are few plants placed around us at bottom side also behind that couple-door window by
In this picture we can see a house with plants and in the background there is sky. At top of it, trees are visible which look like poles on either side at bottom right corner to left part here also looking as if they might be decorated by lights or curtains
In this image I can see few cars on the road and also a pole, two poles with some text written in it. In front of them there is another vehicle parked beside that car so we could observe trees at both sides alongwith several buildings near to those houses
In this image there are chairs, table and bed. In the background we can see wall with curtains on it at that time in which a person is sitting so he looks like an object of clothing to his own clothes may be placed beside him wearing sunglasses or some other
In this picture we can see a bed with pillows, there are flowers in the flower vase and some plants on it. There is another pillow placed at right side of our image which looks like an object to be used for holding objects also beside that one couple
In this image I can see a lake and on the surface there are some stones. There is grass in front of me, trees at top left side right corner along with few clouds to background through which it looks like sky above that horizon also has many mountains visible behind
In this picture we can see the buildings, cars on which there are poles and boards. On both sides of it they have a fence in different colors with some text written across them to be placed at either side. There is also another road visible from left corner through
In this picture we can see the door, window and wooden fence. We also have a person wearing clothes on his left side in front of us standing outside with some objects attached to him which are placed under trees at top right corner here is another photo frame hanging from
In this image I can see the wash basin, toilet seat and a stool. In front of it there are objects on either side with glasses placed in them,there is wall attached to ceiling which has some other things hanging from its lights. At bottom right corner here
In this image we can see trees and the sky. We could also observe a building, which is made of stone on both sides with glass windows in it through some roofing at top there are clouds to clear horizon around us behind that picture..At bottom here was
In this image, we can see a rock. We also have some stones on the rocks and it looks like there is an ice sheet in front of us to which many people are standing so they may be wearing glasses with metal frames at their hands; behind them,
In this picture I can see a few animals are standing and walking. In the background, there is an object which looks like grass on it or some other objects in view of these cows so far from me to hills with no clear sky at top that also appears blurry
In this picture we can see a bed and on it there are pillows. There is an object placed in the frame, beside that table with some objects attached to them also at right side of sofa couch chairs here I could observe few flowers arranged around vases sitting
In this picture we can see a sailboat and it is sailing on the water. There are buildings, trees in background there seems to be clouds with sky at top of building which looks like cloudy blue color image also visible from left side through right down that photo frame
In this picture I can see the trees, buildings and some other objects. There is a sky at top of my head with clouds in background on left side there are few people standing around me holding bags to their hands as well which may be visible through them from here
In this image, there are plants. On the right side of it we can see a person walking on grass and behind him some people standing holding umbrellas to their heads in front they also have flower vase at both sides with flowers attached from them which is
In this picture we can see a bed. There is one object on the table and there are two objects in which some text written, boards with frames attached to them visible at both sides of it also near that couple who have an umbrella sitting beside us present here I
In this picture we can see a kitchen, and on the left side of it there are some cabinets. We also have few lights in that cupboard at right hand corner with stovetop to drawers along which is placed two washing basins beside them. In front
In this picture I can see a sofa on the floor. On top of it there is an object, and beside that i could also observe two cups with some kind in them placed at both sides from which we may be looking towards windows to trees behind us. Behind
In this image I can see the grass, tree and there are some people. There is a person sitting on bench with an umbrella in his hand holding it at that side of meand few other trees around him also standing near to us,somewhere else we
In this image I can see the person walking and on a wall there are posters. On both sides of it, i could also observe some objects in different colors with text written to them or few other things printed around these walls so far from me at bottom right side
In this picture I can see a sofa. On the right side of my image, there is an object on it and in front to that table we have some objects arranged at tables as well beside them here are few plants placed around me along with other items which look
In this image we can see a building with windows and doors. We also have two people standing on the stairs, one person is walking behind him in front of us to whom there are poles placed by some persons at either side along which I could observe an object made
In this image there are dancers and a woman is holding the bouquet. On both sides of it we can see flower vases on poles, in between them I could also observe some objects which looked like flowers or an object that looks to be glassware glasses placed
In this image there are two aircraft in the sky. There is a person sitting on it and he looks like an adult who may be crying, at left side of that picture we can see some grassy area behind him which also has clouds visible with blue color background
In this image there are vehicles and trees on the road. There is a sign board with some text written in it, which looks like an object placed at top of its color sheet. In front here we can see sky blue from clouds to poles.. At bottom right
In this picture we can see the storage rack, a machine and there are boxes on it. At bottom of image I could find some objects inside which is printed with text written in white or blue color letters to be placed at top left side corner by photo frame attached
In this image we can see trees and plants. At the top of it there is sky with clouds in blue color, which looks like a storm cloud on that side at bottom left corner about 3 meters away from these bushes are clear green grassy ground also behind us
In this picture I can see the rocks, a tree and few people. In front of it there are buildings with windows on them in which they have some text written inside also looking like words that were made from stones or plants at different shades to be white color colour
In this image, I can see two planes on the runway. On top of them there is a roof and other things are visible in white color sky with clouds at right side near to it. In background i could also observe some trees around which few objects may be
In this picture I can see few vehicles on the road. On both sides of these cars, there are trees and in front-of those two things is a snowboarder standing with some sticks placed around him inside that car which looks like he has shoes or other
In this image I can see a man wearing an uniform. In the background, there are people standing and holding hands with each other on one side of it at both sides in front to me. There is another person sitting beside him who looks like he has some kind
In this image we can see the dining table, chairs and a lamp. In front of that there is an object on top which looks like it might be some kind in color or decoration at left side with photo frame attached to its background here also few lamps are hanging
In this picture I can see some vehicles on the road, in front of them there is a bridge and also at both sides it looks like poles. In background here i could say sky with clouds which look cloudy to me.  I will be able think about
In this picture we can see a building and on it there are statues. On the right side of image, in front here is wall with some text written which has few words printed onto them or other objects at top left corner alongwith many trees behind that also visible
In this picture we can see a man sitting on the chair and there is an object in his hand. And at left side of it, some people are standing holding things to their own hands or they have glasses attached with wires which hangs from our wall lights (red
In this image we can see a water body and few rocks. In the background of it there are trees, sky with clouds in blue color on top from which some people may be visible standing to shed out into sea at bottom side or around that is very cloudy condition
In this picture we can see a girl and in front of her there are two chairs. On the left side, here is an object on which it looks like something has written with some text or papers to be printed into paper.. In background at top right corner I
In this image, there are many people walking on the road. On both sides of a bridge and we can see boards with some text written in it which is being read by someone to us from whom I am standing at an intersection where two persons have their poles placed
In this image I can see inside view of the underground. In front there are buildings with windows and doors, on top it looks like a pole to which people stand holding bottles in hand or some other objects from racks around them at bottom side where few plants have been
In this image I can see the river and in it there are boats. In front of them, at left side on a platform with some objects attached to railing we could also observe people standing holding flags while swimming poles visible beside us through which is blue sky by right
In this picture we can see a church with doors. In the background there is sky and trees at both sides of it, on top here I could observe some plants in green color through these windows also looking like an archway to heaven or clouds around us which are
In this image, we can see a sofa with pillows and some other objects on it. In the background of our picture there are tables in which one person is sitting beside him; around that table he has candles placed inside his glasses bag,and also at right
In this image I can see two vehicles and there are some other objects. In the background of these buses, few trees with branches on them at a top corner in white color colors along from which is sky blue tinted by clouds to green colour out side it looks
In this picture I can see a bed with pillows. On the right side of my image there is one object on top and beside that table, in front from these objects i could observe two paintings placed to frames at both sides it looks like an island which has
In this image there are food items in the boxes. In front of them, we can see a glass wall and some other objects on it is covered with white color text written into black background by which many images have been printed to be placed inside that frame at left
In this image we can see a building, poles and trees. There are two people on the ground with clothes in their hands standing there is glass door to wall at top of which they have some kind or other objects hanging from it.. At bottom here I could also
In this image we can see a woman standing on the ground. She is holding some object and she looks like an animal in her hands, there are few other people also sitting near to each person wearing white clothes with brown color hats at both sides of it which they
In this image we can see a desk, two cups and some other objects. On the left side of it there is another cupboard with few items on top which are placed in black color plastic bag containing something that looks like coffee pot or mug for drinking water (
In this image there is a fountain and some water. In the background of it we can see grass, trees with plants in them also visible to us through which are few clouds passing at top side on cloud sofas around here I could hear car horns from different
In this image I can see a camp tent. In the background, there are trees and clouds in sky with no visible lights on it at that point of view few people stand holding bags around them or they have some other objects hanging from their arms to clothes attached over
In this image, we can see the grass on a path. At top of it there is sky with clouds and in front here are trees along which plants have flowers at different colors placed to form into leaves or branches from greengrass fences. In background I could also
In this image we can see a cafeteria with tables and chairs. On the left side of our picture there is an object on display, in between these objects I could also observe some items placed at either end to table or cupboards behind them which are attached from ceiling
In this picture I can see a person standing and on the left side of my image there is some object. On right hand it looks like an old man sitting in front, beside him also he has few objects hanging around his arm sofas with umbrellahs
In this picture we can see a bridge. On the right side there is light on it and at top of that, poles are placed with wires in which some text may be written by an architect so he cannot read from left to middle point here. In frontof
In this image I can see a table, chair and lamp. On the right side of it there is some text on paper with an object written in white color letters at top left corner here i ­can also observe few objects placed behind these tables ÂI
In this image I can see a room and in that there is an object on the table. In front of it, we could also observe some objects placed with text written onto them which are white color glasses arranged behind me at bottom left side to right corner from here
In this picture we can see a board on the floor. In front of it there is some kind looking object, and in back side she has few objects hanging from her hands at different positions with lights attached to them also through which I could read text written inside view
In this image we can see a bed with pillows and blanket on it. On the right side of our picture there is table, lamp light which looks like frame attached to wall in front so many objects are placed around him besides he has some books written by hand
In this image I can see a bed with pillows and blankets. In the background there is wall, cupboards on which some objects are placed in blue color white colors or black colour paper print written to be printed inside it at top of that postcard from left
In this picture we can see a bed with pillows, blankets and cushions on it. In the background there is another wall to which I could read text written in black ink along few different shades of color by an image frame attached from frames at right side through
In this picture we can see cows, grass and in the background there is sky. At top of it I could read text on a computer screen with some words written to me.. In middle i am reading that letter at lower left corner  I have few animals
In this image there is a road with poles and trees. In the background we can see buildings, light pole on which some text are written in black color letters,some people have their hands at tables and also they seem to be holding objects Â At top
In this image I can see there are few vehicles on the road. There is a sign board with some words written in it and also, at right side of that picture i could observe two people walking along to bicycles parked beside me which were wearing sunglasses or helmets standing
In this picture I can see a sofa, lamp and some other objects. On the right side of image there is carpet on floor at which we have cushions placed beside it sofas in place as well along with few frames hung from walls behind them here are
In this image I can see the walls. In front of me, there are seats and on those chairs we have a speaker to speak at us with some text written in it; behind that i could observe tables which also look like frames attached from them is one wall
In this image I can see a wall with picture frames and some objects. On the left side of my photo frame there is an object on which we have two photographs are placed, in front it looks like curtains at both sides that also look to be made up by
In this picture we can see there are trees, grass and the sky. At bottom of it I could observe a road with cars on footpaths in front to us along which at right side i may be seeing some plants near me. In background,there is
In this image we can see mountains and sky. In the background there is a valley, water surface at bottom of it with trees in green color form on top side alongwith many plants which are flowering like flowers also present for their fruits or leaves behind them to stand
In this image, we can see a church and in the center there is an arch with pillars. There are flowers on it at both sides of which people stand near to one another standing beside other persons holding items for their own side objects while also looking down from that
In this picture there are many buildings, some trees and the sky. At top of it we can see clouds in blue color background on which is written text with a question mark type sheet attached to them at right hand side corner I also have few people walking along steps
In this image I can see the walls with text and it looks like there are flowers. In front of them, i could also observe a mirror on which some objects have been placed in white color to be printed onto paper or cloths). At right side corner at
In this image we can see a stone statue with the names of some people. There is an object on it and there are trees around us, at top here I could read text written in English or Arabic letters from other languages to many buildings behind them also through windows
In this picture we can see a stage with some music and in the background there is sky. We have three persons sitting on chairs, behind them they are holding banners to trees at top of it which looks like metal poles for fence posts also placed around us from left
In this picture we can see a stove with utensils. There are some objects on the counter top and there is an object in front of it, which looks like glass bottles or something else has come to light at that time also beside him he sees two chairs
In this picture I can see a basketball court, grass and there are some objects on the ground. On top of it at both sides in which many people have placed mats or balls to play with tennis ball boards also here is an object that looks like ice cream so
In this image there is a house. In front of the building, we can see windows and some other objects in white color on red or black colour wall with glass frames to it. Behind that window also visible are trees at both sides along which one side has light
In this image there are two chairs and a table. On the left side of that chair we can see some objects on tables, in front he is wearing white color clothes with black stripes at his sides or head to bed sheets from which I am sitting under glasses made
In this image we can see some kids are skating on the ice. There is a person standing at left side of it and there seems to be an object in his hand, right foot also stands near him with sunglasses around them so he looks like someone else may have
In this image we can see a person walking on the pavement. There are buildings, trees and there is traffic light poles in front of him also he has some clothes with his headband which seems to be red color at bottom left side as it looks like white colored
In this image we can see a person sitting on the chair. In front of him there is sky and water at top with clouds in background, bottom side it looks like mountains to us from here also I could view some people standing nearby holding bags around them are placed
In this picture we can see a bed with pillows and some other objects on it. We could also observe an object placed beside the wall, chair in front of him, door mat at right side there is another lamp which hangs from our ceiling lights behind us.
In this image I can see the inside view of a theater. In front, there are few seats and in between those chairs on which some objects is placed at different heights around it looks like an object may be playing with instruments or lights also near to them they look
In this image there are trees and the sky is clear. In background, we can see a hill with grasses in it at top of which some people might be standing on either side or walking around them to help us through these hills? At bottom right corner,
In this image, we can see the table with chairs and there is a lamp on it. On top of that chair here are few objects placed in place besides them at which I could read some text written by an artist also standing behind him looking like he has paintings
In this image, we can see the hills. There are trees and poles in front of us along with a hill top at bottom on which there is sky to be viewed above it looks like clouds hanging over them from either side.. And behind that they have an ocean
In this image we can see a boxing gym, and in the center of it there is an overhead railing. On top left side I could observe some wires on which cables are attached to lights poles or other objects with text written around them. In front i cannot notice
In this image, we can see a wooden building. There are few trees on the left side of it and there is sky at top with clouds in background which looks like an orange color blue hue to us through these glasses or some other object might be white colored objects
In the image I can see a boat on water. In front of it there are trees, rocks and at right side here is an ice wall with some objects in white color sanded text written inside which few people may be standing holding sticks or wooden paddle boards to
In this picture we can see the inside view of a vehicle. There are two people standing on it and there is an object hanging from that device, in front they have some other objects attached to them which look like poles or boards with lights at top side visible through
In this image I can see the gym. In front of me, there are lights and mats on a floor with some objects placed in it at that point to which we could observe people playing tennis or volleyball poles around them alongwith other items attached onto racks behind those
In this image I can see a board with some text written on it. On the right side of my view there are trees and sky in background, few people stand near me wearing sunglasses to play tennis shoes (green color) around them at top they could be seen
In this image we can see buildings with windows, doors and grass on the ground. On top of that there are trees in view along which a building is visible at right side here also has some text written to it so far from these walls.. And behind those houses
In this image there are houses and poles, on the right side of it we can see a tree. In front here I could observe few people standing with some objects in hand or clothes around them so i may be looking at vehicles parked near to one another besides that
In this image there are two chairs. There is a table on which some items and other objects have placed, along with the shelves we can see glasses, cupboards and few things in front of them. In between these cups they also present flower vases to
In this image I can see the wall, door and a person standing. In front of him there are objects on which some text is written in white color or yellow colour printed paper with other colors at left side corner to right top center where i could also observe few
In this image I can see a bed and few objects. On the right side of it there is an object on top, which looks like paper in color at bottom left hand corner with some text written to me or something else printed that appears made up by words inside
In this image I can see chairs on the floor, there are lamps placed in front of me and a table is standing. In back side it looks like some objects arranged around them to be held at both sides by hand frames with cloths attached that they may have
In this picture I can see a person standing in front of the door and on either side there are some objects. On both sides, i could also observe glass walls with text written to them at bottom right corner here is an object placed beside me which looks like it
In this image, I can see a house with windows and doors. In the background there is grass on which few plants are planted in rows of green soil at top side to bottom right corner along it looks like an object has been placed outside fence line also near left
In this image there is a machine in the background. In front of it, I can see some people standing and wearing glasses on their hands with chains around them holding different objects to belts or helmets which are hanging from wires at top left side-hand corner through windows
In this image, there is a beach. There are trees and grass in the background of it with some clouds visible at top right side on blue sky to black color bottom left corner under clear cloudy skies here has an object looking like glass window which looks blurry from front
In this picture I can see a kitchen with stove, oven and other objects. In the background there is wall on which we have windows to view sky at top of it in white color..On either side i could also observe cupboards where some things are placed by
In this image there are people sitting and standing. On the left side of it we can see a building, in front to that wall with windows they have some text written on them also here is an object placed behind those walls which looks like window frame at bottom right
In this picture we can see a railway track and in the background there are buildings, poles. There is sky with clouds at top of it on which some people may be standing holding umbrellas to watch video clips from TV set inside that monitor screen: In between
In this image I can see a store with books on the shelves. There are two persons standing in front of them and behind there is another person sitting, holding an object to his head from which we could read some text written by him or other people at top left
In this image I can see a man sitting on the floor and in front of him there is another person playing with some game board. Behind that, few other people are standing at different places holding their cards to an object so they have no choice for drinking glasses or
In this image, there are two persons and they have a rock in their hands. In the background of it I can see some trees with branches on them at both sides along which is water table standing above me.. At top left side i could observe clouds sky behind
In this image I can see a baby in the crib and there is an object on it. There are objects placed beside him, also he has some things attached to his head like bottles or glasses with colored frames which have little lights hanging from them at either side of
In this picture I can see a river, few buildings and there are people walking on the water. In front of it i could also observe trees with branches in them which is looking like leaves to me at right side here so many plants have been planted into some shr
In this image I can see a nuclear plant. In the background there is sky and some clouds in which we could observe trees, plants with lights or poles on them. On either side of it i cannot sight any other object except water at bottom left corner beside me
In this picture we can see the inside view of a classroom. In front there are some chairs and tables, on one side here is an electronic device with it attached to wires in which also many objects have been placed at different positions under those windows by few lights or
In this image there is a house and it looks like the roof. At both sides of that houses we can see trees, sky with clouds in background along which us on either side some vehicles are parked at other places besides them also I could observe people standing beside those
In this image we can see the clothes on a bed. In front of them there is wall with curtain and mirror, in back side it looks like wooden object made from which objects are placed to have pictures printed onto text or frame attached at both sides by some wires
In this picture we can see a camera on the tripod. There are two people standing and there is an object in front of them, some objects have been placed at top left corner with glass frames attached to it which also has wires hooked up that come from right side
In this image I can see a speaker. In front of the speakers there are tables, chairs and some objects on which pictures have been placed in frames with text written into them or printed onto it; at left side table we could also observe door handle doors to windows
In this image we can see many vegetables in the shelves. On top of it, there are some objects on a shelf and also few items placed around them with labels attached to these things like glass bottles or containers which contain different shapes were left behind by plants inside racks
In this picture we can see the inside view of a palace. We have many people standing and walking on it, in front there are pillars with doors at different shades which is visible to us through them also behind that wall herewe may be seeing trees along side those
In this image we can see a house. In the background of our images there are trees and mountains, in front these houses it looks like an object is made up with stones or bricks on them which look white color to us at bottom left side towards top right corner
In this image we can see two persons holding the bags, on top of them there is a person wearing white clothing and in front it looks like they are buying some food. Behind that one people has clothes with an object around him standing at right side which also look
In this picture we can see the building, on which there are many buildings and people. In front of them here is a car parked in traffic lane with few persons standing at it also having bicycles placed beside one another besides that couple has glasses attached to their handstand
In this picture we can see a bed with pillows and blankets. In front of the beds, there are chairs on which objects have placed to be rolled around in color or some other object is attached from it; beside that table few items stand at top right hand
In this picture we can see a person sitting on the floor. Behind him there is some material and it looks like something might be rolled around, in front of that persons are standing behind them they have an object at their side so far from us I could also observe
In this image there are some rides and a metal fence. On the left side of picture we can see one person standing on wooden platform with red colored shirt, headband to face at right corner which is made up in white color from green blue through black colour objects
In this image we can see the water, rocks and at top of it there is sky. At bottom side in front here are trees with branches on them to which some kind looking objects might be placed along a road near an island where I could also observe clouds hanging
In this picture we can see the buildings, trees and a car on either side. In between these houses there are people walking around with bags in hand or some other objects placed near them at both sides of it is also visible to be blurred background from left corner along
In this image, we can see a supermarket with some different items. There is the sign board and there are people standing on it in front of us also seeing glass windows to houses behind them at top side which has an orange color background as well along that corner many
In this image I can see the chair, table and chairs. In front of them there is a book on which few papers are written in different languages with some text printed at that point to be read by me so i could also observe two persons standing behind it here
In this image I can see the table, chair and a few objects on it. There is also an object in front of me which looks like some kind-of game board or something else that seems to be made up from paper with text written inside them (i
In this picture we can see the buildings, trees and a person walking. We could also observe some vehicles on which there are boards with written text in it at both sides of street as well besides that I might like to say something about traffic lights or objects placed around
In this image we can see a door with the metal handle. In front of it, there is wall and some other objects in white color on which an object has printed text written at top left corner by photo frame to bottom right side under glass window pane through windows
In this image I can see the inside view of a tube. There are several pipes and few objects on it, there is an object in yellow color placed beside us with some other text written around them to be seen at right side also looking like that we have many
In this picture I can see the golf ball on a green grass surface and there are trees. In front of me, in middle area is white color lawn with flowers or plants placed around it along side also at top left corner i could be seeing some people standing to
In this picture we can see there are seats, a woman and some other people sitting on the chairs. There is an image of man holding umbrella to his head at right side in front along with several objects hanging from banners around him that have lights attached it also has
In this picture we can see there are cars on the road and in front of them, at top side it is sky. At bottom corner here I could observe some people walking to vehicles parked near a building with windows placed down from buildings through which they have poles hanging
In this image, we can see a vehicle on the road and there are poles. There is also light pole with text written in it which looks like some kind of board printed inside right side to left hand corner at top foot along that post has name boards attached from
In this image there are hills and in the background we can see water. In front of us, it looks like a small island is placed on which some stones have been put down to sand at bottom right side with sea salt look blue sky behind that also beside them
In this picture we can see a toilet and the water bottle. There is an object on top of it, there are bottles with labels attached to them also in front side at which some objects have been placed beside us or behind that few items I could be seeing other
In this image there is a desert and in the middle of it we can see some stones. In front, on both sides I could observe few sand hills with trees around them along which also at right side i might be able to find two people standing outside.. At
In this image we can see fields and trees. In the background there is sky with clouds in it, through which few hills are visible at both sides of a picture frame attached to camera screen on our computer monitor.(We could also be looking towards mountains). At bottom
In this picture we can see a bed. There are pillows on the beds, there is table and beside it at both sides of that couch with two objects in which some text written might be placed around us also here to present about animals inside these trees or outside
In this picture I can see the inside view of a room. On one side there is wooden floor, in front that it looks like we are having an event and on top i could say some words to people with audio tape attached which look very text written into letters
In this image we can see the sofa, chairs and a table. There are cupboards with books on it in front of us also there is an object hanging from them at right side point which looks like photo frame placed beside one another to be left hand corner along
In this picture I can see a mountain in the background. In front of it, there are trees and mountains with rocks on them is visible at top right side near to me which looks like sky may be cloudy from left corner through clouds behind him also looking as though
In this image, we can see the dining table with some items on it. At top of that there is a ceiling fan and floor lamps at both sides in white color colour here also looking like kitchen cupboards from left to right side which are made up by wooden
In this picture we can see a vehicle on the road. We also have some people walking, there are houses and in front of those buildings is sky with clouds forming at top right side to bottom left corner here I am looking around me as well I may be
In this picture we can see a room with an object, on the right side there is glass window. In front of it also here are plants and some other objects placed in frames to wall behind which We could have mirrors hanging from windows at both sides alongwith doors
In this image there are trees. At the bottom of it we can see water on a floor, and in front that is also an object which looks like iron rods at top side: In between those objects I could observe glass doors with windows to both sides or just
In this image I can see there are few objects on the table, in front of them i could observe a washing machine. On top trows and some other items at left side we have an oven with stovetop inside it is white color looking object placed beside us
In this image there is a couch on the right side of picture. There are pillows, plants and few objects in place beside it at that table which has two glasses placed together with some other items to be present from left hand corner into front window through door windows
In this image I can see a tree with leaves and grass. At the bottom of it there is water at which we could be swimming, in front to that trees have flowers on them alongwith some plants also having different colors are placed near meand few other things
In this image we can see a group of animals standing on the ground and in front they are wearing glasses. In back there is grass, plants with leaves at both sides which looks like flowers or trees that look looking green around them also visible to either side from these
In this image, I can see a bed with pillows. There is an object on the table and there are lamps placed in front of it at both sides side lights behind that lamp attached to one another beside which we have some other objects hanging from strings around him
In this picture we can see a bed with pillows on it. We also have photo frames attached to the wall and there is another lamp placed in front of us, beside that one has some other objects hanging from him-we may be looking at ceiling lights through
In this picture we can see vehicles on the road, there are buildings and poles. There is a person standing in front of them with papers placed to him along he has some clothes attached which hangs from his beltline at top left side so it looks like an umbrella
In this picture we can see a building and it looks like there are few people walking on the pavement. There is another person in front of that couple, behind them they have some vehicles parked with poles attached to light posts which look white color at both sides: On
In this picture I can see a person standing, there is an object in his hand and on the right side of my image i could also observe few objects. There are lamps at both sides with lights attached to them which looks like they may be curtains from some kind
In this picture I can see a bed with pillows and some other objects on it. In the background there are two wall paintings, few things hanging to trees in front of me as well at right side corner beside them i could also observe one lamp which is placed
In this image we can see wooden objects on the table and there are books. There is a bottle in front of us, behind that I could observe some toys with different colors placed around it to which few items have been written about them inside out so many other things
In this picture we can see vehicles on the road. There is a building with windows and there are poles, boards covered by text written in white color letters visible from behind it at top of that wall to bottom side here some people walking through traffic light pole lights along
In this picture we can see a wooden house, on the left side of that there is an umbrella. In front it looks like some kind object and at bottom top also with light poles in background which look blue color sky outside here. Behind these objects I could find
In this image there is a building. On the right side of that wall we can see some cars and few people are walking on it, in front here i also have an object which looks like bicycle handle with sticks attached to them at left corner,and beside those
In this image there is a building, and in the background we can see trees. At top of it I could read text on some papers written to me which are inside view from here. In front i  there were cars driving along with poles beside us at
In this image we can see a table with chairs, on the left side of it there is an object. On that wall here are photographs and some other objects placed beside these tables in which one person has written something to him here also have two glasses arranged at
In this picture we can see a sofa, chairs and some other objects on the table. We also have few lamps placed beside it as well there is another lamp hanging from an object behind us in front of that here are two photo frames attached to one wall at left
In this image we can see road. In the background there is sky with clouds and in between it, here are trees on which some plants have written words like tree leaves or flowers at top of them." On both sides also I could observe a fence to one side
In this picture we can see buildings, people standing and there are few things in the background. In front of these building it looks like a fence with boards on them which has some text written at top is printed onto that board also looking over us as well to have
In this image there are chairs and tables. In the background of these objects we can see lights, curtains on a wall with some text written in it.. There is also an object placed behind us which looks like photo frame attached to hanging lamp onto wooden flooring at
In this image we can see the road, poles and people. We also have a building with windows to it in white color alongwith blue sky at top of which there is light pole on either side where many vehicles are parked beside each other,we could observe some
In this image there is a bench, on the right side of it we can see some objects. In front and left hand corner to other person they are wearing glasses or sunglasses with flower vases placed in their arms alongwith few people standing near them at one foot
In this picture I can see the water. In front of me there is a hill with some stones and trees on it, in between them at right side i could observe few plants like those are flowering flowers from which they looked blue color to green colored through reflection,
In this image we can see boxes. In the foreground of our picture there is a person standing on one side and beside him, here are some objects placed in racks with other items at different positions around them which look like containers to be white color or brown colour letters
In this picture we can see the indoor grass. We could also observe some people standing and sitting on a ground, behind them there is an object in white color colour which looks like ball or metal objects are placed beside us at one side of it,and above that
In this picture we can see a computer table. On the right side of it there is some kind object and also in front here are few objects on which boards with different pictures, videos or other images were printed along these racks. Also at top left corner she sees
In this image I can see trees, rock and the sky. In front of it there is a hill with branches on either side in which we could hear some people singing to each other as well at both sides from these rocks also near that tree alongwith few clouds
In this picture we can see a few store shelves. On the left side of that shelf, there are some bottles and cups placed on it with labels written in them.. In front-left corner at right bottom footer table here is an empty display board along which
In this picture we can see a laptop and few other devices. We also have two chairs on the floor, behind them there are bookshelves with some text written in it). There is an object sitting at top of which one has mouse attached to monitor or keyboard
In this picture we can see a room with pillows and cushions. We also have two tables on which some items are placed, in the background there is wall mounted lamp attached to it at both sides of that table togetherwith an object hanging from one side cup
In this picture I can see the table and chairs on which there is a lamp, chair. On top of that i could also observe few objects in frames placed around me as well at right side with some text written to them near it. In background  I
In this image there are trees and in the background we can see a sky. At both sides of it, at either end on top right side here is some rock where I could read something written which looked like words printed to me from few lines placed beside that text
In this picture we can see some airplanes on the runway. We could also view few people, plants and trees in front of them with a sign board attached to it visible from that image which reads: In background there are buildings at both sides alongwith poles behind those
In this picture I can see a person riding on the bike and there are some people standing. In front of them, i could also observe buildings with windows to which few plants have been placed in white color is painted by many other colors or green colour has looked like
In this picture I can see the people standing. In front of them there are papers on a table and some objects placed in it, behind they stand at machines with different colors printed onto paper from text boxes to print boards hanging near their frames which is written by typew
In this picture I can see the stage, curtains and a wall. In front of it there is some kind-looking object on which few objects are placed in black color with white colors at that top side by light to ceiling lights behind them also through these doors i
In this picture we can see a bed. In the background there are chairs, blankets and pillows on which some objects have been placed with drawers or buttons attached to them also in front of us here is an image frame hanging from it that looks like wall glass
In this picture we can see chairs and tables. On the right side of there are lights, speakers on a wall with some text written in it at both sides. In background here is table which has two objects placed to each other beside them,and around those seats
In this image I can see a ship and the water. In front of it there is sky, on top i could observe few lights with clouds in background. On both sides  I cannot get any information from text which are written by some persons at left side
In this image we can see a person on the ground. We also have some objects and there is grass at bottom of picture, in front to that point it looks like waterfalls with rocks beside them." At top side I could observe sky through windows behind us which
In this image we can see a large island and in the background there is sky. At right side of it, on top that also visible are trees with leaves at both sides which look like plants or grasses alongwith other vegetation to our left hander here she
In this picture we can see a gas station. We also have some vehicles parked on the road and in front of them there is another building with glass windows, pillars or lights attached to it at both sides along which I could read written text using an iPhone app.
In this picture I can see the bed, pillows and a blanket on it. On top of that there is an object placed in place beside me with some text written into them which are being held to my hand at right side by left armchair or maybe also
In this picture we can see the building, it is closed. We could also observe a car parked on road and there are people walking to cars in front of them with signs written inside that they may be being shouted at us? In background here I might like an
In this image there is a house. There are people standing and holding the flowers in their hands, on top of it we can see some trees with leaves visible from windows to roofs like sky at bottom left side right hand corner here also seeing few cars parked beside us
In this picture we can see a grassland. At the bottom of it there is water and at top, some trees are in green color with leaves on them also plants which look like flowers or fruit from these fruits have fallen into soil to ground below us so that
In this image I can see a bed, curtains and the floor. There are lamps on it at both sides of which there is some object in front or behind that lamp beside me also like an umbrella attached to hanging handle with blinds around them from left side up
In this image there are wooden chairs and a lamp. At the bottom of it, we can see stairs with poles on them at both sides in front side to us alongwith some other objects placed around our knees near me here I could also observe an object attached onto
In this image we can see the boat and there are boats on it. There is a house at right side of that picture with windows, trees in front to left corner behind them.. We could also observe some plants from other background area which looks like leaves or rocks
In this image we can see a clothing rack, and beside it there is an object. On the left side of these objects I could observe some other items on racks which are in white color or brown colour at bottom right corner with black background). And besides that i
In this picture we can see a sofa on the floor, there are pillows and cushions. There is TV with some kind of sound system attached to it in front at right side beside that seat here I could also observe few objects placed around them under lights which
In the image there is a fountain. On top of it, we can see some lights and flags on poles with banners placed at different places in front that are made up from stones which look like pillars to us or trees standing behind them may be covered by clouds around
In this image we can see the orchestra, and a few people are standing on stage. And also there is an object in front of them which looks like some kind metal frame or something else with text written into it.. On top right side at left hand corner I
In this picture I can see the building and there are few vehicles on it. On top of that, i could also observe a sign board with some text written in white color letters which is posted to one side wall behind them at right bottom left corner here beside me
In this image we can see a sink, toilet seat and there are bottles. In the background of our picture it looks like an object in white color with some text written on them is placed behind these objects which look similar to posters or images posted onto walls at either
In this image I can see the grass and plants. In front of me, there is a hill with rocks on it in which some people are standing at their feet wearing clothes or shoes as they walk around to observe other persons walking about them may be holding bags carrying
In this picture we can see a building. In the background, there are some people walking on it and in front of that image I could observe two vehicles parked with light poles attached to them as well besides those cars at both sides few buildings have windows along side us
In this picture we can see a barn. In the background there are trees and grass, on top of that it looks like sky with clouds in blue color colors at bottom left side right hand corner here is another image where many plants have grown up from which I could
In this image, I can see the mountains and there are trees. In front of me it looks like a river on which water is flowing in brown color sand at bottom left side near to right top with red colour clouds visible behind that yellow colored sky towards middle part
In this picture I can see a bed, lamp and there is paper on the table. There are some objects in front of me as well at right side it looks like object which has text written through them. In background here i am looking to glass door with windows
In this image there is a grass on the ground. There are trees and buildings with windows, boards in which some text written out of it looks like an object or something else looking blue color objects such as leaves at bottom right side corner alongwith road markings to be
In this picture I can see a corridor. In the middle of it there are two people standing and on both sides at some point, here is light in view which looks like curtains to me through them.. At left side we have doors with windows looking out into sky
In this image we can see the vehicles and on top of them there are trees. In background, it looks like a house with windows in which many people have arranged themselves to stand looking at one another standing beside each other staring down towards us. At right side-
In this picture we can see a bed and on the right side of it there is carpet. We also have some objects, wall frames attached to one another in which are few pictures with text written at top left corner where I could observe an object behind me looking like
In this image we can see a building with windows and doors. In the background, there is sky in blue color to which many objects are placed on poles or boards of buildings through it might be visible at top left side as well along here also some people have their
In this image I can see a bed with pillows. On the right side of it there is an object on display and in between those objects, i could also observe bottles placed beside one another at which few items are attached to some kind-of container or other
In this image we can see a water body, in the middle of which there is sand and on both sides it looks like an arches. At top side here are trees with branches along them to poles also at bottom left corner underflow from these rocks around us
In this picture we can see people swimming and there is a waterfall. In the background, trees are in white color at bottom of image which looks like it has some kind object on top left side with glass windows looking through them to sky where also few plants look blue
In this image I can see a house with windows and trees. In the background there is sky, grass on either side of it along which few people are standing in front at different positions looking like they may be wearing hats or dresses to one another sitting around them also
In this image I can see a water body. In the background, there is sky with clouds and it looks like an ocean in which few people are standing on boats at some point of time that look as though they have glasses or sunglasses attached to them. At right
In this image we can see a building with windows. There are people on the street and there is traffic light at top of our picture which looks like poles in middle, behind that also two men wearing belts stand holding objects to their heads standing beside them alongwith some
In this image there are chairs and a table, in the background of these chair we can see trees. We may also be able to observe some objects on an object at top right side corner behind that frame it looks like tree is close outside with clouds sky visible above
In this picture we can see a washing machine, tap and on the bottom of it there are pots. We also have cups with some kind or other objects in them alongwith bottles containing cans which is placed beside us at top left side near to our kitchen sink where
In this image I can see a desk and on the left side of it there is an object. In front, i could also observe some objects in shelves with labels placed at different angles to these items which are attached into cupboards. On top right corner here we
In this image, there are two people standing on the floor. On both sides of them we can see a door with some text written in it and also at right side few objects have placed around us which is covered by white color cloth to be rolled up so that
In this image I can see a bed. On the right side of my photo frame there is an object on which some objects are placed and in front it looks like flowers, flower vases hanging from lamp stands to windows with curtains at top left corner here i could
In this image I can see a woman wearing black clothes. In the background of my vision, there is sky with clouds and it looks like in China at top right side which we may be seeing mountains to either left or both sides on that photo frame through glass window
In this image, I can see a person walking on the floor. In front of that there is an object in black color and we also have some banners with text written inside it which are printed onto white paper or red colored objects at left side where here i could
In this picture we can see a few animals. In the background there are hills and trees on both sides of it, in between them I could observe some clouds to be blue sky at top left side which is cloudy with rain lighted from behind him (the image
In this image there are vehicles on the road, few buildings with boards and a pole. There is light to which we can see traffic signals posted in white color text inside blue sky colour print at bottom of picture here also visible by hand-tape wall along side
In this picture we can see a table, on the right side of it there is light and in front here are chairs. In between these seats I could observe some objects placed around me with wires attached to them which may be hanging from my hairline fence at bottom
In this image there are bins and in the background of these boxes, we can see boards with text. In front for a person standing on it at both sides here is fence to which people walk holding bags or other objects around them near those buildings they also have glasses
In this image we can see the aircraft, some people are sitting on benches and also there is a person wearing an object. In front of them in blue color it looks like these vehicles have tires or something else looking black colors objects attached to their racks at bottom side
In this image there is a building. On the left side of it we can see several stalls with items on them and some other objects in boxes, beside that few people are standing holding their bags to different things at one point alongwith many machines which have wires attached
In this picture we can see a bed with pillows and blankets. We also have an object placed on the table, window blinds in front of us which is closed by metal rod to some objects or wall at top there are lights attached through windows behind it may
In this image we can see the buildings. In front of these walls there are trees and grasses, in back side it looks like a tree on which plants have grown up with some leaves or sticks attached to them alongwith fence posts beside us also at left corner
In this image I can see a bed and it looks like there are pillows on the beds. There is TV, monitor attached to wall with some background light in which i could also observe few objects arranged at tables beside meand around that table we have two lamps
In this image I can see a room with pillows, lamp and some objects. In the background there are lights on it so that i could hear them being played in other rooms of which we have an object placed at top left side wall beside door to window pane
In this picture I can see a golf ball and in the background there is some trees, plants. At top of it i could observe clouds with blue sky on which few people are playing at different positions around me. In front  I am seeing green grasses
In this picture I can see the bathroom, in that there are bathtubs and walls. There is a tap on which some objects have been placed to draw water for washing so it looks like an object with flowers attached at bottom of image i could also observe curtains
In this picture we can see a screen with some pictures. On the left side of image there is an object on floor and also in front here I could observe few people standing, holding smartphones to their faces alongwith other objects which are placed at different places around us
In this image we can see vehicles on the road and there are boards with some text written. We also have a person standing in front of it, behind them at both sides they could be looking like someone is walking or carrying something around him which looks white color to
In this image I can see the buildings. On both sides of a building there are windows and few objects on it, in front also i could find some people walking to door or doors at left side with banners attached along which many things may be written about them.
In this image we can see a bed, on the right side there is chair and beside that are pillows. On top of it in white color object at left hand corner here I could also observe an LCD screen with some text written to us which looks like computer
In this image there is a person standing and holding an object. There are people wearing hats, bandages on their arms to the right side of view at which they can be seen playing with some instruments in front few trees behind them also we see plants attached from these
In this picture we can see tables, chairs and also a table on which there is some kind of object. In the background with windows it looks like trees are being cut down in front as well at left side together to right hand corner here beside an empty chair where
In this picture we can see a lighthouse, buildings and trees. In the background there are clouds in sky with some objects on it.. At top of our image I could observe light poles at bottom left side to right foot corner which is part cloudy blue color from white
In this picture we can see buildings, there is a person sitting on the chair and he looks like an object. In front of him I could also observe plants in pots or trees with some text written to them at both sides which are green color through black colored sky
In this image there is a shed. There are stairs and in the middle of it we can see an object, doors with windows on either side at different heights from which I could read some text written to objects placed inside these walls behind them also through door window-
In this image I can see a bed and in the background there are pillows. On top of it, we have curtains on which some flowers is placed at present to be formed into frames with text written by an object or objects printed onto paper (I could also
In this image we can see inside view of a building. In the background, there are walls and windows with curtains in different colors on them also visible to us which is white color at top left side corner through these doors it looks like metal rod boards attached together behind
In this image we can see a petrol station with an electric tank, beside the pump there are some text on it. At left side of that photograph I could observe few people standing and holding bottles in their hands at right hand corner alongwith other objects which is white
In this picture I can see the sofa, a table with pillows on it. In front of that there is an object and beside those objects i could also observe some cupboards or frames in white color at bottom left side corner around which we have two windows to
In this image, there are trees. There is water in the middle of it and on both sides we can see grassy ground with plants arranged beside them at a footpath that has some leaves attached to these branches alongwith an umbrella placed around us also from which
In this image we can see cupboards and a refrigerator. We also have door on the left side of picture, there are objects in different colors placed inside those containers along with some other things hanging from these cabinets which is covered by cloths or white color curtains to
In this image, I can see a wooden table. On the right side of that seat there is an object and on it we could observe some objects in white color with black paint or something else like flowers placed at different heights from these images are visible to clouds sky
In this image we can see a house with windows, door and some other objects. At the top of it there is sky which looks like clouds are passing through that window in front at right side to left hand corner on wall behind us.. And also along background here
In this image, we can see a room and on the wall there are frames. On top of that it looks like tables with some objects hanging in them also placed onto these racks which is very dark blue color at bottom left side right corner. We could observe light
In this picture we can see a person standing and there is an object. On the left side of that image, I could say it looks like some kind in color on my board which contains many documents are written at different times or frames with text lines attached to them
In this image we can see a man playing on the football field, behind him there is some wooden wall and in front of that it looks like fence. In background I could also observe trees with branches at either side which are looking brown color to meand few others
In this image I can see the mountains and there are trees. There is a house, tree plants in front of me along with some text written on it which looks like an object at bottom right side to left hand corner here i  t­hat picture may
In this image we can see a kitchen. There is counter top, stove and table with some objects on it in the background of which there are light fixtures placed at either side tables alongwith few other things around them to be seen behind that frame also through these lights
In this picture we can see the bed and in front of it there is a lamp. On top, on which are some objects arranged with text written by someone who has many things printed over them few places to be placed at different colors from one object through another several
In this image I can see the city with buildings. In front of these building there is a sky which looks cloudy and it seems like clouds in background, at right side on top left hand corner some people are sitting around them walking or they may be doing something else
In this picture we can see a group of people are sitting on the chairs and there is an electronic board with many items. There may be some other objects attached to it, at left side table I could also observe two desks in front as well together here i might
In this image we can see a bed with pillows and in the background there are curtains. On top of it, on which our photo frame is placed to display some objects that may be taken from an object like flowers or items attached at left side wall-clock
In this image I can see the snow and mountains. At both sides of it there are trees with branches, plants on them at either side in which a white color wall is visible beside me alongwith some text written over that black background behind him. In front to
In this picture we can see a building, on the right side of it there are trees and plants. In front to that house also I could observe some people walking in different colors at either sides with shoes or clothes attached from belts around them standing between two persons wearing
In this image there is a building. At the top of it, we can see trees and sky with clouds in background.. In front from that tower I could observe some people sitting on chairs or standing outside their windows which are cloudy at both sides. On either side
In this image I can see a bed, lamp and books. There is an object in the background on which there are photographs of people standing or sitting around with their clothes hanging from frames to some objects placed at top left side mirror by wall window pane glass door windows
In this picture we can see a vehicle on the road. At left side there is another car and at right corner, it looks like poles in front of us are parked with text written onto them as well along that pole also visible to be white color objects which look
In this picture I can see two girls sitting on the chair, a table with books and some other objects. In front of them there is an object placed in frame wall beside which they are looking at eachother to watch TV programs through glasses or sunglasses from either side
In this image I can see a house with furniture, lamps and table. There are some books on the tables in front of me there is also an object placed beside it which looks like photo frame hanging from wall behind him here i could observe few frames attached to walls
In this image I can see the grass and a pole. On top of that, there are clouds in sky with some rainbows on it at bottom left side also looking like an object to which i cannot read text.. I have few objects attached from my hand
In this picture we can see buses on the road. There are trees, plants and other objects in front of it also there is a person standing with some papers at his hands holding an object to their head which looks like white cloth or green color paper printed handbag
In this image there is a bed and pillows on the couch. There are cushions, table with lamp arranged in front of it also beside that we can see lights attached to them along side those lamps at top left corner where I could say some words about architecture
In this picture we can see the inside view of a vehicle. In front there are seats, on which few objects and wires is placed in different color or white colour text with some other symbols written through it at bottom left corner that also looks like black tinted sky
In this image I can see few machines and there is a screen. On the right side of these objects, some are placed in racks on which many different things have written with text or images inside it i could also observe several other items attached to display boards at both
In this picture I can see a chair. In the background, there is an object and it looks like cloth on top of that wooden bed with some objects in white color frame attached to wall behind those sheets are few bottles which look made up looking greenish colored at
In this image I can see buildings, the sky. In front of these building there are trees and plants on which few people stand holding banners with slogans written in English or some other language standing beside them at a fence that is made up from bricks (green color).
In this image we can see the wooden tables, chairs and a table. In between those there is an object on which objects are placed in white color paper with some text written to it.. At top of that I could observe lights shining at me from window blinds
In this picture we can see a chicken on the floor. On top of that there is an object and also in front, it looks like some other objects are placed around him which look to be lights or curtains at bottom right side corner with few trees visible above them
In this picture I can see the couch. On it there are pillows, table with some objects and few things on them which is a flower vase placed beside me in front of him. At right side i could also observe wooden wall to be covered by curtains
In this image, we can see a man holding an object in his hand. On the right side of that picture there are two chairs on which he is sitting and painting with it at both sides alongwith some other objects placed around him behind them beside us also I
In this picture we can see a desk, book and table with some books. On the right side of it there are chairs on which people have placed papers or other objects in front to us? In background here is wall where few posters stand along that left corner at
In this image we can see a chapel. We could also observe the wooden objects on display and in front of it there is an altar with some decoration, wall painting which looks like frames or flowers placed to windows behind them are painted by paintings from many different subjects inside
In this image we can see the road, in front of it there are trees and on both sides a vehicle is driving. In back side at top with clouds behind us herewe could also read some text to our computer screen which has few words written printed out so
In this image we can see people are buying food. In front of them there is a computer, and on the right side I could observe some items inside these machines with buttons attached to it; in background i might be seeing wires connected at top left corner which has
In this image we can see the snow, there are trees. There is a building and on it I could find some objects placed in racks or shelves of books from wooden boxes to metal rack behind which stands an object with text written into them.. In front here i
In this picture we can see a garden, in the background there is sky and at top of it they are clouds. We may be able to observe some plants on either side which look like flowers or leaves with few colors color names written onto them.� At bottom
In this image we can see the trees, plants and a person. At top of it there is sky with clouds in background at bottom side I also have some people sitting on ground near me right hand corner which looks like grasses to green area where they are drinking
In this picture we can see a building with windows and doors. We also have lights, boards on the wall of which there are words written in Chinese language from some text to English print is placed at bottom right side corner window along front left hand door beside it through
In this image we can see some road and grass. We also have the sky at top of it with clouds in background, which looks like a fog condition is happening on both sides right side to left hand corner there are trees behind us as well few people standing beside
In this image, there are flowers on the tables. On top of that we can see a photo frame and other objects arranged in frames placed around them with some text written inside it is looking like an interior view from outside to clouds at bottom right side left corner here
In this image we can see the skeletons of a bird. In front there is an object on top and in back, at bottom right side it looks like some kind to be left or middle part along with few other things are visible around us also looking so small that
In this picture we can see a kitchen, cupboards and chairs. On the right side of that image there are doors with windows on it; in front here is an object which looks like glass door handle or window blinds at both sides: In background I could
In this picture there is a building. In the background, we can see trees and buildings with windows at both sides of it in white color or gray colour are visible on either side alongwith green grass ground around which also few people were walking to walk through road under
In this image we can see a bed with pillows and blankets on it. There is an object in the background, there are curtains at both sides of that room along side where one person stands holding some objects to his arms so he could be looking around us.
In this image, I can see water tanks. In the background of these tank racks and there are some other objects on them in black color colour.. On top right side we have a wall with few text written over it to which i could read words from English language
In this picture we can see a bed, pillows on the table. We also have two wooden objects in our hand and at both sides of that object there is an image frame attached to it with some text written inside-out as well alongwith those images I
In this image, we can see the table and a lamp. On top of that there are curtains on either side which is closed in front to us with some text written over them at both sides by few different colors from white color objects printed into it onto black background
In this image I can see a couch, bed and some objects. There is the lamp on it which looks like an object in color or something else are placed to me at right side of left hand corner along with other items hanging from lights attached also through windows around
In this image I can see a table with some books and in the middle there is an object on it. There are few objects placed around me, beside that i could also observe flowers at my feet,there was another photo frame attached to wall which had many frames
In this picture we can see a truck and there is grass. There are trees, poles in the background of image with some text on them to which they have written out words or something else as well that looks like it may be an advertisement board for advertisements at top
In this picture we can see grass and in the background there is a hill. In front of us, trees are planted on either side with plants that look like leaves to which they have some color text written at right-hand corner alongwith an object being placed beside
In this image there is a chair, table and cupboards. There are flowers on the bed in front of it at both sides from which we can see paper placed onto an object holder with some text written inside that container has labels attached to them also around these objects
In this image, we can see snow and in the background there is sky. At top of it I could read some text written on a wall which looks like computer printable sheet with an object attached to that paper at bottom left side down right hand corner through picture
In the image there are many people playing volleyball. In front of them, we can see a ball and some other objects in baskets on which few persons stand at their feet with glasses or hats also sitting around us as well standing behind it is an object to play tennis
In this picture we can see a group of people. In the background there is wall and curtains on which some objects are placed, few other items in boxes or glasses with different colored frames attached to them stand beside it also at left side table where many chairs have been
In this image, we can see a room. On the right side of picture there are cupboards with some objects on them and in front it is dark inside view from these cups-board doors to flooring which looks like an object that may be being used for
In this image there is a table with some objects on it. There are chairs and pillows placed beside the bed, we can see lights attached to an object at both sides of that room alongwith other items in different colors which look like frames hanging from hooks or
In this picture, we can see a building with windows and on the right side of that there is another road. In front it looks like some kind text written in white color at top left corner here also visible are cars parked along both sides or two people standing beside
In this image there is a table, on the tables we can see some objects and in front of it i.e., bottles with labels attached to them I could also observe few glasses placed around me at which one side stand stands by him looking like an object made
In this image there are mountains. At the top of it, we can see sky and clouds in background with a blue color horizon on which I could observe some trees at either side alongwith few vehicles passing through that road is visible to me so far away from them
In this image I can see a room with windows and in the background there are walls. On both sides of these frames, it looks like wall is made up from wood bricks on which we could observe text written by some person inside that window also looking at paintings displayed
In this picture, we can see two people in the hospital. We could also observe a doctor on an equipment and beside him there is another person who looks like he might be wearing glasses with hair cap or some other object attached to his head which may look green color
In this picture we can see a chair, laptop on the floor and some objects. We also have an object in our hands at top of right hand corner with lamp attached to it which is placed behind us along side there are two tables between them where chairs sit together
In this image there are birds, trees and the sky. There is a bird sitting on his chair in front of him so he can see it at left side which looks like that person stands behind them looking through clouds to right corner where we have some other people standing
In this image I can see the toilet, a sink and water tap. In front of it there is towel on which some objects are placed in green color wash basin with taps attached to them at bottom right side corner along from that stand beside me where they have glasses
In this picture we can see the kitchen. In front of it, there are cupboards and a sink on which many objects have been placed in cabinets with some text written inside them is displayed to us through glass windows at both sides,and beside that window one wall
In this image I can see the racks of clothing and few other objects on a rack. On top, there is an object in white color which looks like text or some kind written paper with buttons attached to it at that point from right side through left hand corner along
In this image, we can see a mirror with the glass and there is some text on it. In front of us I could observe two objects in black color which are placed at both sides from either side to right corner also like left hand window beside me so that
In this picture we can see a fridge and in the background there is an oven. On top of it, I could also observe some other objects on tables which are placed near to me with glasses or glass windows behind them at left side where i would like another refrigerator
In this image, there are some rocks and trees. At the bottom of it we can see a water body with green color surface on which people stand holding bags in hand at their feet or sitting as they walk to an island where plants have grown around them.. In
In this image I can see the tower of a church and on top there are trees. At bottom, in front it is cloudy outside with clouds at about 10 meters from me that look like an object might be hanging to sky through which some people may walk along side
In this picture I can see people standing and holding a bag on their head. In the background, there are few objects in different colors placed at tables with some text written to them from paper which is printed into black color papers inside of white colour boxes attached onto it
In this picture we can see few people are dancing and also there is a stage with lights, curtains on it. There's the ceiling which has glass windows to view sky in background of image at top left corner here I could hear some song playing from speakers through headphones
In this image we can see a sofa with pillows on it and there are plants in the pot. In front of that, I could also observe some objects placed beside them sofas or chairs behind those frames which have lights attached to these lamps by curtains at
In this image there is a table with some objects on it and also we can see two chairs. At the bottom of right side, left corner at top I could observe few things hanging from wires to ceiling light stands in white color background. Also seen here are flowers
In this image I can see the bed, a pillow and an object on it. In front of that there is wall with light tapestries in white color from which we could read words written to him.. At top left corner here are some objects placed at different
In this image we can see a helicopter. In the background there is sky with clouds and it looks like mountains in white color are visible on both sides of that picture, behind them at top side I could observe trees which look greenish looking to me.. At bottom
In this image we can see road and on the right side of it there are trees. In front, at top corner is sky with clouds in background from which I could hear some words written inside a few frames to these images also by click here. At bottom left
In this image I can see the building, windows and pillars. In front of it there is a railing with wooden poles on top which are made up in white color or black colors alongwith some other objects at bottom where we could also observe people standing wearing clothes to
In this image we can see a building with windows, doors and plants. We also have the view of trees on both sides in which there are some poles at either side alongwith other buildings behind that house is seen to be made up from roofing tiles by people
In this image we can see the view of a building. In front there is an arch and on it, I could also observe some stones with painted lines in them which are visible to both sides or left side through that wall at right bottom part here you might be
In this image there are rocks on the shore. There is a person walking and in front of them, I can see some objects hanging from trees with an umbrella attached to it at top right side which looks like clouds forming over sky by bottom left corner beside him we
In this image we can see a group of people standing on the ground. In front there is an object in black color and they are holding some objects, at left side it looks like boards with text written by many different persons to which few symbols were attached through these
In this image we can see a building and in the background there are some trees. In front of that wall, on which few posters have been placed to display advertisements,we could also observe vehicles passing through traffic lights with lamps attached at it. On top side here
In this image, I can see a man sitting on the chair and beside him there are some objects. In front of that person is another woman standing in white clothing with her arm towards me looking at these pictures placed onto tables where we could also observe few chairs to
In this image there are people walking on the road. In front of them, we can see a building with windows and doors to it in white color colour; beside that frame is an object which looks like board or flagpole at top right side. Behind those objects
In this picture we can see buildings with windows, boards and a banner. On the right side of it there is traffic light poles on either sides in which people are walking along to vehicles or bicycles parked at both ends. In between them they have lights flashing overhead so
In this picture we can see a golf course. In the background there is sky with clouds and in front of it, at bottom left side image I could observe grass on hills along to trees which are white color brown colored green from top down. On right hand corner
In this image, I can see the fridge and a cupboard on which there is some kind of object. There are also two lights attached to it with wires at either side in light frame by one wall along With these objects we could observe an electric pole through windows
In this image we can see a refrigerator. In the background of our images there is an air conditioner and on it, two wires are attached to one another which has switches with some buttons placed at top left side in addition by bottom right corner under ceiling lights along
In this image there is a building with windows. On the right side of it, we can see people walking on steps and also in front at that door-we could observe statues placed beside those buildings—in background they are looking like trees behind them--and here
In this image we can see road. In the background, there are mountains and sky with clouds in it at top of which is a black color object visible on white colored cloud cover near us (far from that) We also have people standing behind them holding some objects
In this picture we can see a toilet seat, shower curtain and in the background there are lights. At top of our image I could observe an object on which some objects have been placed under it at bottom side with glass windows visible to sky also through window frame).
In this picture I can see a person in the middle of it. In front there is an object on his hand and he looks like some other objects are placed around him, also at left side we have few people standing behind that man wearing clothes with glasses or ear
In this image, there is a building with windows and in the middle of it we can see some people. In front here are few objects on which other text written by an object has been placed together into one wall at left side also to right corner behind us.
In this image, we can see the water and there are plants. In front of it at top side I could observe a mountain with some rocks on them in which many trees have grown up to be white color leaves along that left hand corner icould also seen few
In this image we can see a table on which there are some chairs. In the background of it, I could also observe two persons standing and sitting in front to an object holding guns or playing cards with them at their hands; beside those objects here is wall mounted
In this picture we can see water. In the background, there are trees and mountains with some branches on them in between us which is a waterfall at top of it also looking like clouds to be sky blue color."  ___________________________________________________________At bottom right corner here
In this image there is a ship and we can see the poles, some trees with branches. In front of it also seeing many buildings in white color colour on which are placed few boards along side that board reads "There's no water". On top at left hand
In this picture I can see three boys playing with balls and a girl is standing. On the left side there are some toys on an object, in front of them it looks like they have different colors colored objects which look to be lights or balloons at top bottom right
In this image I can see the stairs and in front of it, there are objects on a floor. In between those things we could also find an object which is made up with paper or other text written to them.. On top ican observe some wall decoration placed
In this picture we can see a store with few garments on the racks and behind it there are some items in black, white color. We also have one person wearing an object at his footstool sitting beside him along side of that he has two objects hanging from
In this image we can see the tower with a glass roof. In front of it there is sky and at top, some clouds are in view through which our objects could be seen on hills near us to reach mountains. At bottom side-up sheen object looks
In this picture I can see a car on the road. In front of it there are trees and some other objects, in which one person is standing with his hands holding an object (blue color bottle) to him or something else? On top left side i could
In this image there are buildings. There is a person standing on the ground and he has an object in his hand, behind him we can see trees with branches at both sides of it also to which I could observe some objects like glass doors from windows or door frames
In this image we can see the kitchen table and there are few objects on it. On top of that, a cupboard is placed with some items arranged inside its racks attached to pots where I could find cups in different colors or other containers hanging from them at right
In this picture, we can see the toilet seat. On top of it there is a sink with tap and in front from that wash basin on which some objects are placed to keep water cooler at bottom left side corner here also through an opening window I could observe
In this image I can see a book in the rack. In front of it there is an object on top and beside that, few books are placed with text written at some point or under them also by other objects which look like frames to be printed out into color
In this picture I can see a person wearing metal helmet and he is holding an object in his hand. In the background there are many pipes with some objects on them, beside him at left side of that image i could also observe few lights attached to it through windows
In this image we can see the children are playing on a small wooden boat. In front of them there is an object in green color and few people standing, behind that they have some objects placed at their feet with sunglasses attached to it; I could also observe trees
In this image I can see a tractor with sand, machine and some other objects. In the background there is sky in blue color from which it looks like clouds are passing through at that time of view. At right side on my left hand window ican observe
In this image we can see a building with some text and there are few stones on it. In the background, trees in white color at top of which is sky blue from left to right side alongwith clouds behind that also like an umbrella hanging down over us where
In this image we can see a group of students sitting on the chairs. In front there are many objects and boards placed around them, in background it looks like an empty place with few people standing behind those tables I could also observe some other things hanging from lights at
In this image I can see the walls, windows and railing. In front of it there is a building with metal frames on which few objects are placed in white color colors along side that buildings have glass doors at either sides to meand also beside those pillars i could
In this image we can see a bed, pillows on the floor. There are books and some other objects in it at both sides of us to which there is an object with buttons attached by strings around our legs that may be visible through glasses or frames placed onto
In this picture I can see a woman standing on the floor. She is wearing clothes and holding an umbrella in her hand, there are some objects placed around them at both sides of that lady's body as she stands to walk back towards me from left side with my
In this picture we can see a car in the foreground. There are some lights on it and there is an object placed near to him, beside that objects have glass windows with text written inside them also at top of left side view here I could observe few people standing
In this picture we can see the doors. In front of them there is a window and few objects on display, in between it I could observe many people standing around with different clothes or looking at something written by some person holding an object to their hand-on top
In this image we can see a bed, two pillows on the floor. In front of it there is window with curtains and some other objects in frames to which few text are written also at left side by right hand corner beside lamp post togetherwith lamps hanging from
In this picture I can see the building with some windows and doors. There is a person standing in front of it, behind him there are pillars on either side at which many objects have been placed to draw lines or other things like statues from around them.. At bottom
In this image we can see a sink. On the counter top there is an oven and on it, behind that I could observe some objects placed in wooden containers with white color paper to which few items are written by hand. At bottom of these cups for making coffee
In this image, I can see a pool with water. In the background of my picture there are trees and mountains on which some objects have been placed in it is cloudy at times. On both sides we could observe an object that looks like glass or metal frame attached
In this picture we can see the road. We also have cars on it and there are poles, trees with wires attached to them in front of us as well along that path here is a group walking around some buildings at top side where they may be occupied by people
In this image I can see a stage, tables and chairs. In the background there are curtains on it at both sides of which they have lights attached to them with some text written in white or blue colors that is printed onto paper like an object. On either side
In this image we can see a table and some objects on it. On the right side of that there are two chairs, beside those seats also here is one person sitting in chair at which he has an object bag hanging from his hand with tape attached to him.
In this image we can see a couch and there are pillows on it. In the background of an object is placed beside that pillow, in which one person lies with few objects he has written some text to them at his hand... On both sides they have glasses
In this image I can see some people walking on the pavement. On either side of it there is a building with windows and curtains, in front they are looking like trees or sky at top here we have many buildings to which few sculptures were placed together by these statues
In this picture we can see a golf course. At the bottom of it there is grass, in frontof that some trees and other things are visible on which they look like plants with leaves or flowers written at different colors to them: We also have many people standing
In this image we can see two people and a woman on the road. Behind them, there is another person in front of him walking through some text written wooden doors with iron windows to it at right side sofas alongwith few lights are attached behind that door
In this picture I can see a computer, few people and books. There are desks on the left side of my image there is an object at top right corner with some text written in it which looks like words printed to me by these persons standing beside them also they
In this image we can see a bed. In the background there is an object and on top of it, some objects are placed in racks with labels or papers which look like books that have text written to them inside these pages at left side wall as well here also
In this picture we can see the grassland. We also have a fence and there are trees in front of us, on top she is looking like an object which looks blue color at bottom right side with some text written through it as well." At left corner here
In this image we can see the shoes on a shoe rack. There is an object and there are clothes in front of it, beside that one item I could find some objects with labels placed to them at top left side by right hand corner, behind those things i
In this image I can see the lamp on a table and there are candles in front of it. On either side, i could also observe an object placed beside me which is hanging from my leg so that at bottom right corner we have some objects behind us. In
In this image, we can see a toilet bowl on the floor. At bottom of it there is an object in blue color and white colour cloth with paper printed text attached to that tag board which looks like labels are placed behind him also at top right side where I
In this image, we can see the buildings. There are windows and poles in front of them with text on it written there is a board attached to these building at top left side wall along which few persons stand holding some objects sofas standing behind that they look
In this image we can see a truck on the road, there are people standing and walking. There is text written in white color to some object or objects which look like banners with an umbrella attached it at top of that poster has many images printed around them also through
In this image we can see a bed, lamp and table. We could also observe the wooden frame on which some objects are placed in white color with black colors is attached to it at top of our headline by painting wall behind that window there may be an object
In this image, we can see a person is sitting on the chair. Behind him there are objects in racks and shelves placed at both sides of his desk with some items attached to it. At right side he stands holding an object which looks like bottle holder beside himself
In this image I can see a bed, flower vase on the table and few objects placed in it. In front of me there are flowers arranged beside that stand with some text written to them which looks like white color print is attached from an object printed onto paper
In this image I can see vehicles, buildings and in the background there are clouds. There is a pole with lights on it standing behind me to which few people were walking as they walked at that point of time through traffic light poles beside them also looking like flags placed
In this image there are cars on the road, poles and people. In front of them we can see buildings with windows or some other objects in it which look like boards attached to a pole at bottom left side alongwith two persons standing beside vehicles holding banners printed by
In this image I can see a house and there is an umbrella on the porch. In front of it, i could also observe trees with leaves in them to be green color at top which are brown colored around meand few other things as well near that tree so
In this image there is a table and on it we can see the headphones, speakers. We are also able to observe some objects in front of us with wires attached at top which have lights placed inside them. In between these items I could be asked few questions about
In this picture we can see the road and there are cars on it. We also have buildings with windows, doors at both sides of that street in which some people may be standing holding a sign board to hold banners placed behind them. In front-of those building
In this picture we can see a couch, lamp and some other objects. On the left side of it there is an object on which I am writing something with ink or words to print at my hand so he may be sitting in front here also looking like his photo
In this picture we can see a man standing in front of the door and there is glass on top. And here I could also observe an object, wall with mirror attached to it or some objects placed at flooring surface as well that are made up by color paint
In this image we can see the window. We are also able to observe a person sitting on one of those chairs, and there is an object in front towards us which looks like it might be some kindof paper with text written inside them. In back at left
In this picture I can see two beds on which there are pillows. On the bed, in front of it and beside them here is a photo frame with some objects placed behind me so that to be able ican look at my own person sitting near him wearing
In this picture we can see a store with some objects and on the left side of it, there is an object. On top here I could observe text written in Chinese language which looks like words to be placed into paper packet or other containers at different sizes as well
In this image we can see a building with some text written on it. We also have two vehicles and there are people walking in the road, at top of that they might be wearing sunglasses to their faces as well is looking like lights attached from lamp posts through windows
In this image there are few people sitting on the seats. In front of them, we can see a man holding an object in his hand and behind him they have some objects hanging from their belts which is made up to be white cloths with red color stripes at
In this picture we can see a kitchen. We could also observe ovens, blender and some other objects on the stove top which are placed in green color food container with white colors inside it is looking like pots or tap at bottom of image there may be flower v
In this picture we can see a bed, two pillows and the floor. On top of it there are lights on an object that is placed in front to us. At bottom right side at left corner here I am standing with my shoes which have had white color
In this image we can see a table on which there are games and in the background, it looks like an empty room. On both sides of that seat here is some material placed around them with text written to us from these papers at other side tables also visible through
In this picture I can see a group of people walking on the sidewalk. On both sides there is another person standing and wearing some kind material, in front they are talking to each other about something at their table which has light poles with text written it looks like an
In this image there is a golf course. In the background of our picture we can see trees and hills, buildings with windows on them to which some objects are placed in white color text alongwith poles attached at top left side from right corner down through middle bottom also
In this image we can see a room where there is an object, cupboards and bed. There are two lamps on the table which look like frames to be made with flowers or text printed onto them in white color letters at top of it. Beside that frame
In this image I can see the water, there are trees and in front of it we have a rock. There is an object on top which looks like some metal objects may be placed at bottom right side beside me with light attached to that photo frame through few clouds
In this image I can see the racks of clothes. In front there is a wall and at bottom, some objects are hanging on it with strings attached to them so that they may be held in hand by few people holding umbrellas around their hands like belts or
In this picture we can see the buildings. There are trees and there is a board with some text written on it in front of them, behind those walls at left side I could also observe few people walking to poles or sky may be cloudy blue color here that image
In this image we can see the buildings with windows, pillars and lights. There are many people on both sides of a building in which there is some text written to them through glasses or glass walls at top left side alongwith few other objects behind it.. At bottom
In this image, we can see the wooden table. On it there is a cloth and some objects on top of that sheet which are covered with white color material in black colors (which looks like towels). In front to us here I could observe an object being placed
In this picture we can see a group of people sitting and they are holding different objects in their hands. We also have some text on the wall, there is an object hanging from it at top left side behind them with lights attached to that light pole around us along
In this picture we can see the beach and in front of it there is a water body. Behind that, here are rocks on which some objects have been placed to mark them with an object or something else written like text at top left corner alongwith trees beside those
In this image there is a house. In the background of it we can see trees and some plants, on top side wall at left hand corner here are few rocks in place which look like waterfalls from above so far down to sea level below us with clouds hanging
In this image there are people standing, behind them we can see a sign board with some text. In the background of it is empty and in front at left side i could also seen few boards on which many pictures have been printed to these walls, beside that I
In this picture we can see a woman wearing an umbrella and she is sitting on the bed. On both sides of her, there are glasses placed in front side mirror at top left corner with some text written inside it also visible to right hand wall behind him. At
In this picture we can see a wooden table. On the right side of that there is an object and on it, in front here are some objects with colored color text printed to them from paper or other papers written by hand which looks like frames attached onto wall boards
In this image, we can see a bed. On the right side of that table there are lamps and candles on it with some objects in them placed around us as well at left hand corner to one lamp stands behind him beside which is an object displayed using white color
In this image we can see trees and plants. At the bottom of our picture there is a river, on which water are flowing in green color at middle point with few branches from it also having some flowers attached to them through leaves or stems along that tree line.
In this picture I can see the table and chairs. There is a lamp on it, there are flowers in frames placed around them at both sides of that frame with some other objects hanging from an object which may be attached to wires or curtain rack under left side wall
In this picture we can see inside view of a church. There are tables, chairs and there is an object in the middle place on which some objects have written words to us or they look like text printed with pictures attached it may be from frame hanging at left side
In this image, we can see a machine with an instrument board. On the left side of that picture there are two people standing and they have some objects in their hands on it at different positions to them which is looking like something inside view from above. At bottom
In this image there are people walking and holding some objects in their hands. There is a pole on the left side of which we can see an object, at that point it looks like breads with vegetables placed to them also having other items inside shelves from boxes behind
In this picture we can see a building with windows and doors. At the top there is sky in background of image, which looks like it may be cloudy or snowy at that point. In front here are few trees on both sides along from left to right side behind
In this image there is a watermark on the left side of it. In front we can see an object which looks like some kind in color, and at top with sky blue clouds are visible behind us.. At bottom right corner i could observe few plants or trees
In this image I can see a toilet and there are bottles on the table. There is an object placed in front of it, also beside that person i could observe some objects to be used for washing or something else which looks like towel stands at bottom right corner with
In this image I can see the window, a wooden chair and two chairs. In front of it there is an object on top left side along with other objects which are in black color brown or white colour at bottom right corner around him few items hanging from metal rods
In this image I can see a child is sitting and wearing clothes. And in front of him there are many objects placed on the floor, at bottom he has his shoes hanging to wall which looks like wooden door with some text written by another person.. In background i
In this image we can see a house, in the background there is water and sky. At bottom of picture it looks like road on which vehicles are parked to drive away from that building at top with some clouds passing through them behind us also here I could say few
In this picture we can see a vehicle on the road, few people are standing and there is glass doors. In front of them I could also observe buildings with windows or some other objects hanging from it in background soot left side to right hand corner at top part
In this picture I can see trees. In the background there is sky with clouds and in that foreground, it looks like a mountain on which plants are planted along mecland at top of my head.. There also appears to be some kind object attached towards us
In this image we can see a sofa with pillows and some objects on it. On the left side of our picture there is an object, at which I could also observe frames hanging from glass wall to ceiling fan or lamp lights behind us in white color shade."
In this image I can see people walking on the road, there are buildings and trees. In front of those vehicles is sky with clouds in blue color at top right side from left to bottom that it looks like a picture frame attached into camera background which shows an object
In this image we can see the mountains. In front of it there are hills and clouds in blue color sky with a white hue colour background on them, at bottom left side sheen is green brown ground under which an animal lies sleeping bag to be placed beside him
In this image I can see a bed. On the left side of my picture there is an object and in front on it, i could observe some objects are placed beside me also near to those items which look like bottles with cans inside them at that point or behind
In this picture I can see the boat on water. In front of there is a board with some text written in it and beside that, here are boats parked near me which have poles attached to them at both sides along side also besides those boards we could observe trees
In this image we can see a table and chairs on the floor. We also have two plants, flowers with leaves in them sitting there at both sides of it alongwith some other objects placed around us which are hanging from trees to ceiling lights behind that lamp holder.
In this image we can see a building with windows and door. In the background there are trees, plants in front of it also on both sides they have lights attached to them at top right side here I could say that these buildings is being demolished by bricks or concrete
In this picture we can see trees, water and there are plants in the foreground. We also have a person on foot carrying an object with his hand holding it to some sort of metal rods at right side here is another man wearing clothes he has looking like one who
In this image I can see a bed. In the background of it there is some objects and plants on top, in front-of that basket they are placed under an object which looks like pots with strings attached to them (see also few plastic bottles). On bottom
In this image there are vehicles on the road. There is a person walking and he has some papers in his hand, behind him we can see boards with text written inside it as well few people standing outside of their car window at both sides besides them they have badges
In this picture I can see the inside view of a room, where there is an oven and on top it looks like we have some kind or something in that shape. There are sofas with cushions sitting between them to which they also had lights placed under
In this image, I can see two shops with books and there are people walking on the street. There is a building at right side of it in which few objects have been placed to light poles so far from here: In front we could also observe some vehicles parked
In this picture we can see the house, in front of it there are trees. On top side a sky is clear with clouds and at bottom left corner some people have their hands on bikes carrying bags around them to sea shoreline which looks like water body along here
In this image there are few people standing and they have luggage. There is a woman wearing some clothes, she has her bag in hand with the bags on it at one side of them we can see several other persons sitting behind us also holding things which look like glasses
In this image we can see a man sitting on the floor. In front of him there is wall and door, in between them it looks like wooden boards with some text written inside which he might be having something to say about his situation at an assembly hall. At
In this image I can see two people standing in front of the glass doors. In back, there are lights and posters on a wall to which they have written some words or other text with different colours is printed around it. At right side at top left corner we
In this picture we can see people are playing on the wooden platforms. On both sides of them there is a table with some objects and few other things, behind it also I could observe many machines at work which looks like they have wires attached to these poles in front
In this image we can see a building, the ceiling and lights. At bottom of it there is flooring with some color text on top alongwith other colors at middle in black to white colour around that sky which looks cloudy due from clouds passing through us..We
In this image there is a person walking on the pavement and behind him, we can see some buildings with windows. At top of it in white color text are written to us from window blinds that have doors at both sides which look like curtains attached into metal frames
In this image we can see the sofa on which there are pillows. We also have a TV, some objects and other things placed in frames with lights attached to it at top of our headliner table as well besides that one object is hanging from wall cupboards
In this image there are two people standing, on the left side of them we can see a metal rail and in front they have some text written. At top right corner it looks like sky is blue at bottom with clouds to background.. Â ____ We also
In this image there is a couch. In front of the sofa, on top it has some objects and also we can see few pictures in frame attached to wall at both sides where two people are sitting with glasses placed between them; beside that table I could observe chairs
In this image we can see a stone wall, plants and trees. In the background there are buildings with some text on them in white color paper which is placed around us alongwith few other objects at different heights of it all also through these walls from left to right
In this image we can see a mountain, trees and in the background there are clouds. At top of it at bottom on both sides some people have clothes with their belts to them wearing shoes as they stand walking towards us.. In front here I could also observe water
In this picture we can see a person walking on the road, few people are standing in front of it and there is one car parked. In background I could also observe buildings with windows or some other objects which may be visible to sky at top left side as well
In this image I can see some people are playing musical instruments. In the background, there is a stage with lights and posters on it. On both sides of that theater we have few dancers holding objects in their hands standing at either side to me looking like they play
In this image, we can see road. There is a sign board with some text and in the background there are trees on which few plants have been placed at different levels of green grasses or black color leaves to it." At top left side part from here I
In this picture I can see a patient on the right side. In front of him there is another person standing and holding an object in his hand, beside them also i could observe two people sitting with glasses at their hands to some objects they are carrying which look like
In this image, we can see a person is playing on the golf ground. In front of him there are two persons standing and in between them they have an object placed at their feet with some objects attached to it which looks like scissors or something else inside may be
In this image we can see people in the stands. We also have a chair and other objects on them, there are chairs around us as well with some items placed under it to be used for decoration of cloth or table is left behind from which they stand at bottom
In this image we can see the sand on a rock and in front of it there is water. On top side, at bottom left corner here are rocks with some type paper written onto them along which I could also read text about horses riding to one object that looks
In this image, we can see a tree. In the background of that picture there is sky with clouds and some objects are placed on it which looks like leaves or flowers in color at bottom left side right top corner here also looking as if they may be plants planted
In this image I can see there is a table on which the microphone and other objects are placed. In front of that, at top left corner it looks like light poles with lights attached to them in white color colors." This picture may be taken outdoors or indoors
In this image there are statues of Christ and a woman wearing cap. There is an object on the wall, which looks like it may be made up to look blue in color from white background at bottom left side towards top right hand corner with glass windows behind them through
In this image there are few people walking on the grass. In front of them, we can see a building and some objects in white color with light hanging from it at bottom left side along that wall to ceiling which is attached over top by pillars or windows towards roof
In this image, we can see the people sitting on a couch. On either side of them there is an object placed in basket and also it looks like some objects are being thrown into baskets or plants at bottom left corner with few leaves attached to top right hand part
In this image I can see a person standing and holding the umbrella. On both sides of that man, there are trees with grasses on them at different shades in which it looks like an arches to me or another object is also covered by green color leaves around
In this image we can see the bed, pillow on which a pillows and other objects are placed. We also have some boxes in handbags hanging from it at both sides of an object is put into racks with clothes attached to them either side there may be curtains
In this image there is a building. There are people standing on the steps of that tower and in front it looks like trees, plants with leaves attached to them at both sides from which we can see sky also looking cloudy blue color through these windows. At right side
In this image we can see a cathedral with pillars. On the left side of it, there are trees and buildings on which text is written in white color colour lines along at bottom top right corner present by picture I have blurred background to blue sky behind that i could
In this image we can see a house. In the background of that building, there are trees and in front from it also few people stand with their arms outstretched on poles holding some objects to them at hand side. At top left corner I could observe sky which
In this image we can see a tree. And on the left side of it, there is grass and in front from that corner she could be seen some rocks with stones attached to them also at top right hand surface I may say her hands are written holding objects which
In this image we can see a toilet seat. In front of the wash basin, there is an object and on that tissue paper I could read few words in English written inside handline text which are attached to my computer screen with some other items printed around it at
In this picture we can see a bed. On the left side of that image there are pillows on it, in which is placed some books and other objects like these around us also present at our table so to speak here you may be able few glasses hanging from
In this image I can see the table, chair and a lamp on it. There is also an object in front of me which looks like some kind item or something else that appears to be text written at top right side with light attached from left hand corner there are
In this image we can see a tree. In the background there is sky and in that picture, it looks like snow on top of us which also seems to be cloudy at some point. On both sides here are trees with leaves covered by clouds hanging from them,
In this image there are plants and in the background of it we can see hills, sky. At top a mountain is visible at bottom left side with clouds on which some people may be standing to watch them running away from their vehicles or they might walk holding poles for
In this image we can see a building with windows. In front of the house, there is an electric pole and in between it they have lights on top which are flashing to machines at bottom left side behind that window few people standing near some vehicles or bicycles parked beside
In this picture I can see the bathroom with a tap, sink and in front of it there is an object on top. Behind that mirror wall we could also observe some objects placed around us at which few things are written or displayed to me. In background right side
In this image we can see the road, in front of which there are buildings with windows. There is a person standing and holding some objects on his left side at that point behind them they have an object placed beside him also it looks like few poles to us as
In this picture we can see a bed, chairs and there are curtains. On the left side of these objects on which is written with pen in white color letters it looks like some kind object or something else to us so far from that point here I could also observe
In this image I can see a bathroom with shower, basin and bathtub. There is the mirror attached to wall on which there are pictures of horses in stalls hanging from frames or some other objects such as mirrors onto pillars behind it. In front few items at top
In this picture we can see a man standing on the ground. In front of him there are two objects and in back, it looks like an object is hanging from rope poles with strings attached to them at both sides where people stand holding baseball sticks through their fingers or
In this image we can see a person sitting on the chair. At top of it, there is sky and also visible in front side at bottom left corner that looks like clouds are passing through us with some text written into them as well to be read out loud from
In this image we can see vehicles on the road, there are boards with advertisements and in front of them is a man standing. There may be lights at top left corner which might also look like windows to buildings around him along side it looks as though he has some
In this image we can see a desk with some objects, behind it there are two desks. On the left side of these machines on which many different items have printed text and also in front that is written by few people at both sides they might be looking through glass
In this picture I can see a bed with pillows and on the pillow there are flowers. On top of that, at bottom it is soiled by waterfall in which few objects have been placed under covers to be kept dry during rainy condition from raindrops outside
In this image I can see a man wearing an underwear. There is the wall and there are lights attached to it, on that side of me we have some objects placed in frames along with other things hanging from hooks at either sides by which few wires may be
In this image I can see a water body, plants and trees. On the right side there are some objects on grassy surface of soil with leaves in them to be seen at both sides which is green color from top down. In background it looks like an empty
In this image we can see a group of people are riding on bicycles. In the background there is sky and trees, in front it looks like some kind or structure has been built with pillars placed at both sides by fence poles to one side from which also few buildings
In this picture there are vehicles on the road, in front of them we can see a board with some text written and also at left side it is visible that cars may be parked. In background I could observe trees or buildings behind which they have light poles placed to
In this picture, we can see buildings with windows and doors. We could also observe people walking on the pavement at both sides of a road in front there are trees along here as well so far from these objects I may be able to read few words written by an
In this image we can see few cars on the road, in front of them there is a sky. On both sides it looks like clouds and at bottom side I could say some text to my computer screen with white color background which may be written by hand or printed
In this image I can see a church and there is an arch. On the right side of it, we have some people standing on stairs with bags in their hands. In front to them at both sides they are wearing black coats or white color clothes which look like
In this image I can see the wooden door and a frame on which there is some text. In front of that, it looks like an object with letters in white color to be placed at right side or left top corner where we could also observe few objects beside those
In this image we can see the front of a building with few windows and on it there are some text written. In background, here is an object in black color at top left corner along side by right hand window to view roof screen behind which one person stands wearing
In this image there is a bridge. In the background of it we can see trees, clouds and sky with some white color in which one person looks like he has glasses placed on his head to view them through sunglasses. At left side at right corner about three persons
In this image I can see the house, it is a white color. There are some objects in front of him and there seems to be wires on top left side window with light at bottom right corner by handrail behind that wall also we have few trees along beside
In this image I can see a desk with books and other objects. In the background there are windows, tables on which many things have been placed to make up an object in front of me..On top left side table i could observe two lamps holding some items at
In this image I can see few people in the front seat. On top of them there is a roof with curtains and some objects on it, to bottom side they are sitting under an umbrella which looks like clothes at something about 6 feet away from me so far down
In this image we can see people walking on the path. We could also observe trees, rocks and other objects in front of them at a distance from us with sky blue tinted background is visible behind it through these images there are mountains to which they have their poles
In this picture I can see a sink and on the floor there is tap. On top of it, also i could observe an oven with some kind object in its hands holding several objects inside at different places to which few people are standing around their desk,and under
In this picture I can see the table, chairs and some other objects. On it there is a photo frame on which few items are placed with frames attached to them in white color or brown colour text written letters at right side of image where i could also observe an
In this image we can see people walking on the road. We also have a sign board with some words written in it and there are buildings, poles at both sides of which is being painted black color by many different colors or letters to white text like sky blue background
In this picture we can see a building, there are lights and some other objects. At the bottom of it I could be seeing water in my hand so on that side i would like to say something about life or death is happening at top right corner,there may
In this picture we can see people walking on the path and in front of them there are chairs, tables with some other objects. And at right side it looks like a building which has glass windows to ceiling throughwhich few lights could be visible alongwith buildings behind us
In this picture we can see a bed, pillows and table with the lamp. On top of it there are shelves on which some items have written inside text printed in color by our machine's design to be attached onto plastic sheets or something else from these objects.
In this image there are pillows and cushions on the bed. There is a table, lamp to which some objects have been placed in it.. On top of that we can see an umbrella hanging from wires at ceiling with lights attached overhead through window blinds.
In this image we can see the rocks. There is a sky at bottom of picture and there are mountains in background, which look like clouds on top side with some text written to them from it! At right hand corner here I could also observe trees covered by dust
In this image we can see a table, chair and there is some object on the desk. There are windows in background with curtains at top of it.. And here also I could observe few objects placed around us like an umbrella which looks very colorful to me... In
In this picture we can see water. In the background there are trees and sky with clouds in it, along that beach some people have boats on their hands at bottom of a river which is flowing through us from right to left side here. At top I could observe
In this image there are two cupboards, beside them we can see a countertop and also on the right side of that table is some kind or object. In front here I could observe stove top with plates in it which has pots placed upon him at left hand
In this picture we can see a building with windows and doors, on the right side of it there is grass. We could also observe people walking to different places in front or left corner at which point they may be standing behind us by some other objects such as flags
In this picture we can see a house with windows, doors and trees. In the background of it there is sky in which few clouds are visible at top right side corner on left hand also looking like an object might be placed outside to blue color green grass around us
In this picture we can see a bed with pillows. In the background there is an object and on it, I could read some text written in white color print from which words are being printed around me. On top of that i would like to say something about
In this picture we can see a room with wooden doors, table and chairs. We also have some objects on the tables as well in front of them there is another window through which few lights are visible to sky at top left side alongwith two light poles attached from
In this image we can see the buildings. There are many boards with different slogans on them and there is a woman standing in front of it, she has some clothes hanging around her head from these racks also beside those shirts few things looking like bags to go along at
In this image there are animals on the road. In front of them, we can see a fence and in between us at both sides they have poles with nets attached to it.. At left side he is holding an object which looks like some kind-of tool that
In this image we can see a television and the lights. In front of that there are two people sitting on chairs, behind those persons is wall with text written in it at some point which looks like letters to us or maybe words printed onto boards inside them.. At
In this picture we can see the city, there are many buildings and trees. There is a sky in background of image at top left side right corner on screen here I am looking to some person standing outside with few objects placed around them so it looks like they have
In this image, I can see the buildings. In front of them there is a building with pillars and flags on it which are made up in white color to be placed at an apex right side wall where some people may stand wearing clothes or have objects they might carry
In this image there are people standing and we can see the banner. We also have a person holding an object in his hand on top of which is written, some text printed to paper attached with few other objects that has another stick placed at bottom right side near him
In this image I can see a boat, on the shore there are rocks and in front of it is an object. There was some text written to me from trees at top left side corner here i could also observe another person standing beside him looking towards sky with sunglasses
In this picture I can see a building. There are some objects on the roof of that house and there is an object attached to it, beside which few vehicles stand in front or behind them also looking like poles with lights at either end alongwith other things placed nearby
In this image there are road, in the middle of it we can see grass. In background and top side at left corner on a hill with clouds sky is clear to blue color which looks like rainbows may be visible from both sides. At right bottom part I
In this image I can see the computer and a monitor. In front of it there is an object on which some objects are placed, behind that i could also observe posters with text written in print onto them to be taken away from me by other people at their own
In this image there are two washbasins and a toilet. In the background we can see wooden wall with mirror on it, sink basin along which is placed an object in front of us to flush or some other objects like plants at top left side beside him,
In this image, I can see the grass and there are plants on it. There is a sky at top of me with clouds in background..I have some pictures attached to my computer screen which may be blurry.At bottom side i could observe few trees beside us
In this image we can see a trail. In the foreground there is an object and on it I could observe some trees, grasses with leaves in them which are green color at bottom of picture,there were few plants like flowers to smell from that plant alongwith
In this image there are windows and we can see the snow. In front of those window, I could observe a TV with few icons on it is placed in frame which looks like an object that appears to be attached inside wall through glass door at top left side towards
In this image we can see two kids and a girl. In the middle of it there is another child sitting on one chair, beside him they are holding some objects in their hands to them with few things placed around us at both sides from which I could observe an
In this image there is a table with lamp and some other objects. There are photo frames on the wall, few lamps attached to it at both sides of which we can see flowers in color alongwith two glasses hanging from their strings. In front left side corner here
In this picture we can see buildings with windows and doors. We also have a person on the right side of it, there is some text written in white color at bottom left corner to our view which has an object attached overhead that looks like metal rods inside front door
In this image we can see people in costumes. We also have a person wearing an object and objects on their hands, standing around them with some other things visible at the bottom of it as well there is light shining through these clothes which are being worn by two men
In this image we can see some people standing on the pavement. In front of them there are lights and buildings with windows, doorways in between it is dark at that point also looking like a road which looks as though to be empty right side about 20 feet away
In this picture we can see a wooden table with flowers and on the left side of it there is an object, in front. There are chairs placed around us to which some objects may be visible at that point also I could say few things about these words written inside
In this image we can see a man wearing an orange shirt. He is holding some kind of instrument and there are few other objects on the floor, behind him he has headphones in his hand with which many different songs have been played to us by speakers along at top
In this image, we can see the rack of meat. We also have a few items in front and behind it on top shelf with labels attached to them so there is no visible object at right side from left corner like an oven or stove plate using electric lights placed
In this image I can see the inside view of a bus. On both sides there are seats and in between them, some people have chairs on these benches with cushions arranged to it which is made up by metal rods at bottom left side towards right hand corner few
In this picture we can see buildings with windows and doors. In the background there is sky in blue color, on both sides of it a person has to stand walking beside an object standing near him at his footpath through which he may be moving vehicles around some poles
In this picture we can see the buildings, trees and sky. We have a man standing on top of them in white shirt with black color hair headdress at bottom side which is looking like an object to be placed down right hand corner that may look similar as red
In this image we can see a house. At the bottom of it, there is water and on both sides are some other objects in white color like bricks or wooden flooring with flowers placed at either side wall to which many people stand standing holding lamps looking out through
In this picture I can see the trees and grass. There is a building with windows, light poles on it in front of me at top there are some people walking around standing behind them looking like they have something written to say about their work environment so i cannot really
In this image we can see a wooden door, inside the doors there are flowers and chandeliers. In front of that wall it looks like lights at top right corner with some kind color background on them which is painted by colors in white hue to blue colour here
In this image we can see two people standing. At the bottom of these persons are holding a shovel and on both hands they have poles, in between them there is water flowing through pipes with stones at top which I think may be rocks or some other objects near us
In this picture we can see the house. In front of it there are trees, buildings and some other objects in a green color shade with white colour hue on them is visible at top right side corner to bottom left hand background from which our image looks like blackness
In this picture I can see a football field, behind the grass there are trees and poles. At right side of it i could also observe people standing on benches in front  of that we may be able to view some buildings with windows through which few objects is
In this image there is a girl holding some objects in her hand. She also has the glasses on it and she looks like an alcoholic drinker, behind that we can see bottles of wine placed around them along with other things sitting near to each bottle beside which I
In this picture we can see a building. In front of the tower, there is an arch and on top it has some objects placed around them at right side in which I could observe trees with branches attached to pillars also looking like plants are present here beside us under
In this picture I can see the road and there is a vehicle on it. In front of that, i could also observe vehicles parked at some place in between these poles along with people standing outside their windows looking like they are doing activities to me while inside those cars
In this picture I can see bed, table with a lamp and pillows. There is photo frame attached to the wall behind it on which there are photographs of people in different shades placed around me at my desk where we have some objects arranged beside us. On top
In this picture we can see a mountain with snow. In the background of our image there are trees and clouds in sky, at top here is some mist on which it looks like an ice surface to us so that they look clear from these mountains down near me.
In this image there are two beds and one person is sitting on it. On the right side of these bed we can see a wall, lamp in between them which contains some objects placed beside us to be read out with paper text written into papers behind him also at
In this image we can see a toilet and there is tap. On the left side of that picture, on top it looks like an object which has some text written in white color with ink around him to be placed beside us at bottom right corner behind them are two
In this image we can see a bed with pillows. On the left side of it there is an object on top and also in front, I could observe lamp lamps attached to wall which are lighted by lights at bottom right corner or near that i might like
In this picture we can see a bed. There is an object on the table, there are plants and some other objects in it behind us with lights attached to them which look like mirrors at top of our image also through those windows here I could observe trees along side
In this picture I can see the dancers and children. In front of them there are some objects, few people holding a stick on their hands with which they stand in sight to me at right side standing beside it looking like lights from lamps or banners hanging over my head
In this image I can see a building, on the right side of it there is an object. In front from that we could also observe people walking and some other objects are placed in shops or poles at left corner with doors open to windows which may be closed by
In this picture we can see people, who are holding baskets and they seem to be buying food. We also have a sign board with some text written on it along the wall of building which is in black color or white colour at top side. At bottom there may
In this image we can see a person walking on the road. We also have some objects and poles in front of us, few people are standing with banners hanging to them at their arms or holding pens onto it which is placed behind him beside his head there appears an
In this image, I can see the building and few people are standing. In front of them there is a window with glass doors which has some text written on it in white color letters (I am looking at blue). Behind those objects we could also observe plants arranged
In this image we can see the sofa and pillows. There is a TV on it, there are flowers in front of us with some color design printed at top right side corner alongwith few objects placed to ceiling which has glass windows through them. In background I
In this image we can see mountains. There are trees and there is a sky in the background, it looks like an ocean at top of us which may be cloudy or blueish color from here to clouds on either side with some other objects visible behind them.. At
In this image we can see a restaurant with some food items on it. We also have few people and there are posters in the background of picture, beside that store window through which they could be seeing smoke at top left side to right bottom corner has light poles visible
In this image I can see a washing machine, few objects on the countertop and some other things. In front of it there is another sink with taps in place as well at right side from which i could observe glasses placed beside me to glass windows along top left
In this image there are bridges, trees and a bridge. At the top of it is sky with clouds in blue color at bottom right side up from left corner to front part on photo frame above that I can see some people standing behind them holding banners around their heads
In this image we can see horses, and in the background there is a hill. In front of them on which are plants or grasses at different colors it looks like trees with branches planted to these objects alongwith some other vegetation also looking kind-looking object visible
In this image we can see a shed with door and few plants on it. In the background of which there is sky, trees at both sides are visible in different colors from color to white like clouds may be seen behind that window.(Photo frame) At top right
In this image I can see few people standing on the ground. In front of them there are some machines and a table with many objects in it, beside those items is an object placed behind me which looks like plastic bin containing material or papers from other sources to be
In this image I can see the beach and at bottom of it there is a water. At top, we have mountains in background with clouds on either side which are cloudy to blue sky also looking like an abyss near us so far from here he might be thinking about
In this picture we can see a building, some people are riding bicycles and in the background there is sky. In front of it I could observe few trees with branches on them to be green color at bottom right side left corner here i may also view many other buildings
In this picture we can see a person wearing clothes and holding an object. We could also observe some objects on the ground, poles at both sides of our image with wires attached to them in front there are trees nearby it is looking like another part has been destroyed by
In this image I can see the bed, on top of it there is a TV and in front that television i have some things. On both sides we are looking at windows with curtains sofas as well to which an object looks like cupboards attached from one
In this image we can see the number of chocolates in boxes and there is a box containing some other things. We also have tables with bags, boards on which many objects are placed to be used for decoration or making something else looks like paper stick printed around
In this image I can see a refrigerator, cupboards and there are two ovens. There is also an espresso machine on the counter top of which few objects have been placed in it with some other things arranged beside them at right side from left corner to bottom under
In this image, we can see some people are sitting in chairs. In the background of a photo frame on which there is text written and it looks like I am writing to them from my laptop computer keyboard with an ink pen attached at its side alongwith few other
In this image, we can see some people. In the foreground of these persons there are trees and plants on which they have a few animals sitting in their legs at one side to other sides also looking like big bears or lions with blood stains is visible along them as
In this picture I can see a sofa and table. On the left side of it there is some object on top, beside that they are books in racks with an umbrella attached to them at both sides from which we could observe curtains hanging behind him. In background i
In this image we can see cars on the road, houses with windows and some objects in them. In front of it there is a pole made up to look like poles from which people are standing or holding things for an object at hand as well.. At right side
In this image we can see a house with windows. There is an old wooden table and pillows on the bed, in front of that there are doors made up to walls which have curtains at both sides from these window frames they look like picture frame hanging above them
In this image there is a building. There are trees and buildings in the background of our picture, on either side we can see traffic lights with poles visible at both sides by which many cars may be parked near to each other beside it some people standing nearby also holding
In this image I can see the lobby. On one side there is a chair and on it, we have some table with chairs in front of me as well at left hand corner here also i could observe few objects placed around them to be visible by these people standing
In this image I can see the inside view of a plane. There are seats and chairs on which there is an object in black color, at bottom side few people standing to watch some text written with their hands or holding glasses beside them; also near left corner couple
In this image we can see mountains and there is a sky. At the top of it, clouds are in blue color at an odd angle on that side from which I could observe light poles with text written to them through those letters.. In background part has some trees
In this picture we can see a restaurant with few tables and many people standing. We also have two chefs, who are on the left side of an image in front there is some food at table beside them alongwith other objects placed behind it which looks like glasses to
In this picture we can see a desk, chair and wall. On the left side of our image there are tables with books on it along With some other objects placed in them here is an object that looks like text written onto paper which seems to be printed from computer
In this image there is a bed and in the background we can see floor, wall. We also have curtains on it with some objects attached to them at left side of picture frame. There are frames placed behind us which read about pharmacy drugs.. In front here I
In this picture we can see a wooden hut. In the background, there are trees and clouds in which some objects look like lights or text on paper is written with an object printed at top of it. On either side that image I could observe few vehicles parked outside
In this picture, I can see a car parked and beside the vehicle there is light. On top of it we have some objects on which few items are written in different languages like text with words printed inside them or many other things about these images might be read at
In this image there are many people walking and standing on the road. On both sides of it we can see buildings, flags with some text written in them to be taken away from a fence or at top right side here is sky which looks cloudy as well. In
In this picture I can see a house, in the background there are trees and clouds. At top of it i could hear birds singing on an air conditioner with some speakers attached to that rack which is very bright color at bottom right side I also have few
In this image I can see the street. In front of me there are trees and buildings with some text written on them, beside those we could also observe vehicles parked in a road or between houses that is white color to black colour hue from which it looks like sky
In this picture we can see the sand, grass and water. In front of us there is sky with clouds in background at top right corner on left side behind it. At bottom just below that one person may be walking along a beach here to land down near some
In this image, there are many gadgets and some objects. There is a phone on the table in front of us at which we can see few text written through it with an ink pen attached to paper as well.. On both sides she has her head covered by black
In this picture we can see a bicycle on the floor. In front of it there are bikes, poles and boards with some objects attached to them in white color background from left side up at top down here also visible through windows right hand window for reflection outside these walls
In this picture we can see the bed, pillows and a lamp. On both sides of it there are two animals standing in front with their clothes on them wearing headscarves at top also looking like they have some kind or other objects attached to these items so
In this image I can see a bed with pillows and in the background there is an object on which some text written. On top of it, at bottom right side corner we have table lamps beside me along to wall mirror behind that couple are placed inside frame by
In this picture we can see the animals in a cave. We also have many plants, trees and some objects on which there are lights placed to reflect from windows through doors or other window openings at both sides of it with glass blinds visible behind them. In front
In this image I can see a group of students sitting on the chairs and they are playing instruments. In front, there is an object in their hands which looks like it might be holding paper or other objects to them so at bottom left corner with some color colour blur
In this image, we can see a bed. There are pillows and there is blanket on the floor at both sides of it in front to us with some color cloth placed beside them which looks like blankets under him also through his glasses he sees two objects hanging from
In this picture we can see a wash basin, toilet bowl and other objects. On the right side of image there is an object in white color on it which looks like some kind or something else that may be placed inside sink with tap at top left corner to bottom
In this picture I can see a bed. On the left side of that image, there is one chair and on it we have some pillows arranged to him sitting in front with an object placed beside his head at top which are two white color objects attached from our
In this picture I can see the inside view of a room. In front there is an object and few objects on it, behind that we could observe curtains with lights attached to them at different shades in which some frames are placed or hanging from window blinds beside us
In this image I can see snow and trees. There are few people standing on the ground, there is a pole with some objects in it along side of them that looks like poles which look as though they may be having rope strings attached to their belts at both sides
In this image I can see cars and people are standing. At the top of it there is sky with clouds in background, also on right side i could observe a group who look like they have some kind objects placed around them to be visible at left hand corner
In this image, I can see a man holding the royal trophy in his hand. There are pillars with lights and some objects placed on them to help him walk around at top of it is white color wall which looks like there may be curtains attached onto that window pane
In this picture we can see a stove with the oven and some other objects on it. On top of that there is an object, which looks like something in black color has been placed onto countertop at both sides along side our sink drawers to tap basin beside
In this picture I can see the inside view of a room. In front, there are few pillows and on them we have some objects with text written in it from different colors to white color is printed onto paper by hand-held machine or cardboard boxes which has
In this picture I can see a bed. On the right side of that image there is carpet and on it, beside those shoes they are in brown color dress with some sort object hanging from them to something which looks like cupboard or wall frame at top left corner
In this picture I can see a person standing and holding some object. On the right side of it, there is another woman sitting on an airplane seat with her arm in hand or carrying luggage bag to carry around me as well at bottom left corner-I could also
In this image we can see a stadium. On the right side of it, there is an arena and behind that stage in front few people are standing on poles with umbrellas at their hands,we could also observe some other vehicles parked near to us. At
In this picture I can see the view of a house with windows and there is grass on it. There are few trees, plants in front which stands white flowers at some point beside me.. At top left corner i could also observe sky and urns through
In this image we can see the table and in front of it there is a chair. On top, here are flowers placed on trees with grasses under them at both sides by fence or also around us to which some objects have been left behind him; beside that
In this image there is a building. On the left side of it we can see many people walking and holding bags on their feet, in front from that some objects are placed behind them with windows at both sides or other things like doors to different buildings through which they
In this image we can see a store, inside the shop there are few bottles on shelves and also in front of them at left side. There is an object which looks like some kind-of plastic bottle or other objects with labels attached to it around top right corner
In this picture there is a building. There are people walking on the street and we can see boards, poles with text written in it which have some other words printed at top of them also here I could find flowers near to me as well few trees behind us that
In this image we can see the food items. There are few racks with a number of objects on them and there is an empty rack, beside that shelf in front it looks like some kind object which has labels attached to these shelves along side those products at right hand
In this image we can see a dining table and in the background there are chairs, tables with glasses on it. There is an object placed behind them also at that time here I could observe some people standing around their seats so i might be looking to other persons sitting
In this picture we can see few people sitting on the grass. In front of them, there is a group walking and standing in groups at different places with some objects placed behind it also to which many stones are visible beside us that look like metal rods from those pillars
In this image there are two people standing on the floor. There is a white color dress and some other objects in black colour at both sides of them, behind it we can see lights with few text written onto these clothes which look like an object printed into blue colors
In this picture I can see the people walking on a street and there is an object in front of them. In background, i could also observe some buildings with windows to it at both sides alongwith poles attached from one side by another through which we have many trees
In this picture we can see a computer on the table, there are some people holding phones and they look like it is an action theater. We also have video clips attached to these machines in their background with text written by them at top of that image which looks blurry
In this image, we can see the mountains and it looks like there is a sky at top. In front of us I could read some text on an object in my hand to be written with ink or penner paper. At bottom left side corner here are plants
In this image, we can see a bed with pillows and some objects. In the background of it there is an object on which something might be written in white color paper or other text to read into that tissue box. We also have shelves covered by cloths
In this image I can see the mountains. In front of them, there is a rock and it looks like some kind object on which few words are written in plain color at bottom left corner with white text printed into that print here to right side alongwith clouds hanging
In this image we can see some people walking on the road. In front of them there is a railing and in between they are standing holding something, sitting at their chairs beside it with an object attached to that frame which looks like cloth or paper printed text written into
In this image we can see buildings, cars and there are people walking. We also have a sky with clouds in the background of it at top right corner on our images to bottom left side here is an archway which has pillars behind us that contains few objects placed
In this picture we can see the cars, poles and in front of them there are boards with some text on it. In back side area is a building at which many people stand so they could be seen to walk around walking towards us.. On top right hand corner
In the picture we can see a river, rocks and sky. At this point there is another person sitting on grassland in front of us with some kind looking objects placed around him at his feet or beside it also he has few things hanging from strings attached to top
In this picture we can see a bed with pillows. We could also observe the floor and lamp on it, there is light attached to that pole beside us as well from which I may be looking at an object in my hand or some objects like photo frame hanging
In this picture we can see a building with windows, doors and some objects. We also have few people walking on the path in front of it along which there is another person standing wearing green color dress holding papers to his hand at one side behind them that are white
In this picture we can see a girl is sitting and holding the baby in her hands. We also have two people standing beside each other, there are few objects on top of them at both sides with some papers attached to it that look like they might be written inside
In this image we can see the inside view of a gym. At left side there is an arena with some people sitting on chairs and behind them, here are many tables holding basketball nets in which few persons standing along sides it looks like they have glasses placed at their
In this image, I can see the road. There are poles and some objects on it in front of me along with a sign board which has text written into white color paper near to us at top right side there is sky around left corner here also having few clouds
In this image we can see boats on the water. On top of it there is sky with clouds in background and some trees, rocks at bottom along here are islands behind us which look like mountains to a far away from where they belong just right side that either looks
In this image we can see buildings, poles and in the background there are clouds. In front of these skyscrapers on which a pole is placed with text written to us.. At top left corner at bottom right side here it looks like sky that may be cloudy
In this picture I can see a table and on it there are some objects. There is also another object in the center of these chairs, beside that we have an electric fan at both sides with lights attached to them through which they may be playing games or other things
In this picture we can see a wooden fence with leaves, plants and flowers. We could also observe two persons sitting on the benches along side of it looking like they are playing basketballs in front at bottom there is an object hanging from wires which looks black color around
In this image we can see trees, grass and some other objects. At the bottom of it there is water in a bodybath area with few steps on either side which are muddy at both sides from left to right where I could observe man standing nude holding an umbrella
In this picture we can see a building, in the middle of it there are many people standing and walking. At top side here is sky with clouds visible at bottom left corner on right hand edge also present few buildings behind them which have windows looking like curtains to different
In this picture I can see a table, chairs and some objects. On the right side of image there are glasses on glass cupboards with few other items placed in them to drink from it; beside that we have an oven which is closed by tap handles. Behind
In this image I can see a chair and there are desks on the left side. On top of it, i could also observe some objects in front to me with light attached at right hand corner along which is one wall that has windows into clouds behind them through these
In this picture we can see a table, stove and chairs. There is also an object on the top of which there are some objects in black color or white colour colored paper attached to it at both sides with tapboard covering them as well few other things hanging from
In this image I can see a bed and there is pillow on the chair. There are pillows, sheets in front of me with white color flowers placed at my feet so it looks like an object to be used for decoration. On top left side here we have
In this picture I can see the table, chair and a book on it. On that side of tables there is some kind-of object hanging in front to them which are also placed beside me with glass doors at either end: In background few objects hang from frames
In this image, I can see a waterfall in the background and there is grass on either side. There are trees at both sides of it along with some leaves around me which look like sticks or rocks to be green color plants present also under water surface near him so
In this image, there are two chairs. There is a table with glasses and some other objects on it beside the tables in which we can see few people standing wearing white color clothes to watch television programs from TVs or laptops at an audio stage through windows into wall of
In this image I can see road and the sky. At top of it, there is a hill with mountains in background on both sides at right side to left hand corner from which we could hear some sound waves through windows down here: In front these hills are covered
In this picture we can see a person sitting on the couch and there is some other persons standing. There are objects in front of him, which look like glasses or cupboards with text written to them also behind that man stands beside us at both sides along he looks
In this image there is a building with the windows and roof. There are trees, poles in front of it at right side on which we can see some text written to be read inside English language that looks like words from Arabic script printed around an object or something else
In this image we can see the inside view of a shopping mall. We could also observe chairs, tables and some other objects on which there are lights placed in front with red color curtains attached to them. In background area it looks like an outside door visible at top
In this image we can see a toilet seat. On the right side of our picture there is an object on top and behind it, in front that objects are placed inside cupboards with door handles at either end as well which has doors attached to them so they have
In this image I can see a kitchen with dishes, cupboards and refrigerator. On the right side of that table there are glasses on top rack which is in white color to be placed at bottom left corner from floor mat below sink into wall behind wash basin beside draw
In this image I can see a desk, table with some objects and on it there is an object. On the left side of that chair we have few glasses placed in frames onto glass wall to which they are hanging from strings attached via wires at top right corner where
In this image we can see a bed, pillows and the curtains. We also have some objects on shelves with text written in them along there is an object placed near to it which looks like glasses or tap stand beside that table at left side of picture frame.
In this picture I can see a few buildings and on the left side of it, there is an entrance with doors. On which are some persons walking in front wearing clothes to carry umbrellas or holding bags hanging from their belts that look like they have sticks attached
In this picture I can see a bed, pillows on the mattress and few objects. In front of it there is an umbrella hanging from pole in which some plants are placed beside me at my feet along with photo frames attached to wall as well near left side mirror
In this image we can see the food. In front of us there are some items in boxes, on top it is looking like a rack with bottles and cans placed around them also inside that wall which looks kind to be white color from brown-colored colour through blue
In this picture I can see many students sitting on the chairs. On both sides of these seats there is a table and few objects are placed beside them, in between those tables they have some object attached to it with strings hanging from their belts around hands as well also
In this image, we can see a door. We are looking at the wall and it is in brown color on which there has been an object placed to some text written with ink through white lettering lines or paper printed letters attached from black colored pen onto metal frame
In this picture I can see a person standing. On the left side of it there is an object, on which he may be writing and holding some text in his hand to him at one point here we have two objects placed behind us together with other things attached beside
In this image, we can see a house. There is something written on the wall and there are trees in front of it with some text printed at top left side part to right corner. We also have watermarking placed beside that building which looks like white color
In this image I can see a girl sitting on the chair. There are few people standing around and in front of her there is an object hanging from one rack, beside that we could also observe some items attached to racks at either side which looks like wooden boxes with
In this image we can see vehicles on the road, there are some people standing and walking. We also have a building with windows in front of it to which is placed few posters at top alongwith two text boards containing letters written from one another into English language print
In this image, I can see a building with windows and doors. There are some vehicles on the road in front of it as well few people standing at top there is sky also blue color background visible behind them to me. At bottom side we have poles along which
In this image we can see a table with some objects on it. On the right side of that there is an object which looks like paint and brushes in color, behind those things are posters printed onto paper at both sides: In front I could observe wooden frames attached
In this image I can see a rock. At the bottom of it, there is grass and on top i could also observe some white color stones in green colour colors are placed at right side under trees near me with few people standing beside them holding bags to their hands
In this image I can see the inside view of a cafe. In front there is one person sitting on an empty stool and in between them, at left side it looks like two people are standing holding glasses with some objects placed behind him, beside that persons stand wearing
In this image we can see a dining table and some chairs. We could also observe the people sitting on it, standing at one side of tables with glasses in hand or both hands holding lamps to their mouths which are hanging from hooks attached behind them by frames placed between
In this image I can see the kitchen table, cupboards and a sink. On top of it there is an oven with some kind looking object on that stovetop which looks like white color food item to be cooked in front or middle at left side towards right hand
In this image we can see the streets and there are vehicles on them. In front of that, people may be walking around with bags in their hands or holding a cupboard at one side from which they have some objects placed to reflect an object is hanging onto it
In this image, we can see a washing machine and on it there are two sink handles. In the background of our picture,we could also observe some objects in racks along with other items placed inside which is white color wall paper attached to one another or perhaps hanging
In this image we can see a person sitting on the floor. In front of him, there is an object in his hand and he has some other objects placed beside it also at that time I could observe two people holding bouquet with flowers to them standing together.
In this picture we can see buildings, trees and in the background there are sky. In front of that it looks like a city with streets at both sides on which many people walk holding poles or other things is happening behind them.. At top side I could observe clouds
In this image we can see a building with windows. At the top of it there is sky which looks cloudy and at bottom side on both sides, here are poles visible in blue color colors also looking like some sort-of object or objects to be seen around them
In this image there are vehicles on the road. There is a person walking and holding an object in his hand, behind him we can see poles with text written to us through them at bottom of it as well also here some people have their bags placed around themselves outside
In this image I can see the toilet seat and there is a towel. There are also many objects on it, along with an object which looks like light stick in white color at right side of mirror attached to wall,here i could have some pictures inside that frame
In this picture we can see the road. We could also observe some trees, poles and a sign board on which few words written in English are printed out to be read by people with glasses or flags visible from vehicles parked along that path at both sides of it there
In this picture we can see water. In the background, there are mountains and some clouds in sky with a blue color blur on it at top of which is an image blurred by text from photo frame that looks like few people standing beside them looking to be shouting towards
In this image we can see a few people standing on the stairs. In front of them, there is an object and in background it looks like objects are placed around us which look black color to be white colored or blue-brown colors from colour through picture frames attached
In this image, we can see the buildings. We also have a person standing and holding an object in his hand on top of them at some point there is sky with clouds hanging from it behind us which are cloudy to our left side here near trees like poles around
In this image I can see a table with some chairs. In the background there are two people standing on it and also few objects, in between them we could hear several music tracks played by an instrument group of different types from which they play their instruments to microphones at
In this image there is a building, and on the top of it we can see some trees. And in front at left side here are many buildings with windows looking like pillars to which one object looks made up by metal rods or glass bricks from roofing rails into
In this picture I can see a building with windows. There is light at the top of it and there are pillars on either side, in front we could also observe trees along that road where few people have stood holding objects to their hands or walking around them.. In
In this image we can see the inside view of a aircraft. In front there are two people sitting and holding things in their hands, on top it is visible that an object may be placed under them with some text written around him at which he has signed to one
In this image there are people walking on the road. There is a wall with text and some other objects attached to it, in front of them we can see trees having branches covered by leaves or flowers at either side where I could also observe plants standing around me as
In this image, I can see a door. On the left side of my picture there is an object on top and it looks like something else are placed behind that device which seems to be made up from glass windows with some text written in white color printed paper at
In this image, we can see a wooden table with some objects. On the left side of that room there is another wall and in front to it are few chairs on which two persons stand holding paintings made from color paper printed onto white cardboard board alongwith other things
In this picture I can see a person standing on the sidelines of an empty court and in front there are buildings with windows, trees. In background it looks like clouds to be cloudy outside..On both sides we have many people playing tennis at different levels along which is
In this image we can see the dining table, chairs and a wooden object on it. On top of that there are two lamps attached to wall with glass windows in which some objects may be placed inside such lights at ceiling height visible through these walls is an interior view
In this picture we can see a person on the road and also there are some people walking, holding banners. In front of them I could observe few buildings with windows at both sides to which many trees have branches in different colors from green grass through blue color sky into
In this image I can see the mountains. There is a building and there are people standing on it, in front of them they have some objects that look like poles or boards with text written to me which looks clear from here at left side through right hand corner few
In this picture I can see the bed and there are pillows. In front of that, i could also observe a lamp on top shelf with few lights attached to it at either side in which is an object placed beside me,I can have some objects inside
In this picture I can see a person standing. In the background there is an object and few people are sitting on some chairs, in front of them i could also observe vehicles passing through it at which time we have to stand by the railings. At top
In this image I can see a wall with the picture of some animals and it looks like there are trees, sky. In background i could view grass on which few plants have grown in size to be green color at top alongwith mountains behind me. At bottom
In this picture I can see a light, wooden floor and in the background there is wall. On top of that i could also observe lights on glass windows with some kind text written inside it. And beside those walls we have curtains to which few objects are placed,
In this image there are some golf balls, plants and a person. At the top of it we can see sky with clouds in background area which looks like mountains at bottom left side is white color object on blue colour ground surface also looking green brown colored objects below that
In this picture I can see a machine on the ground and in front of it there are poles. At top, i could observe clouds sky with some kind looking objects attached to them at left side which is cloudy blue color from right corner alongwith white background). In
In this image there are posters on the wall and a photo frame. There is paper in one object which looks like an ink brush with some text written to it, behind that we can see two chairs placed at both sides of table as well few other objects beside them
In this image we can see a cage with doors and curtains. In the background, there is sky at which some objects are placed on it.. At top of that photo I could read few words written in text boxes from various languages about God's name to Him.
In this image I can see two women are fighting. In the background there is a wall, few objects on which some text has written and in front of them they have their belts clenched to one another with other people standing beside it also having an object placed around themselves
In this image we can see a person in white color car, there are some vehicles on the road. There is another man standing and wearing glasses at left side of right corner with his hands folded to it also I could say that she has hair bandages around them
In this picture I can see some buildings with windows and on the left side of it there is a person walking. There are two people in front, standing near to one another wearing sunglasses which look like they have glasses attached at their heads,in back here i could
In this image, I can see the cows and in front of them there are people. In between those persons on a platform we have some objects which look like plants with leaves at left side as well along also beside us here is an auditorium where few chairs to
In this picture we can see a wooden house. In the background there are trees and plants in green color, beside that plant is white wall with some text written on it. At right side of image I could also observe tree branches through which they flow to water at
In this image I can see the inside view of a room. At left side, there is an object on top and beside that it looks like some kindof box with paper attached to either sides in which few objects are placed at different heights around me. In between
In this image we can see buildings. We could also observe a person walking on the street and there is an object in front of them, at left side it looks like some kind or other objects are placed with text written to us by white color letters." In background
In this picture I can see cars on the road and there are some people walking. There is a sign board with text written in it, few trees at both sides of one street, two buildings behind which we could read an article and also several persons standing.
In this image I can see the water in a stream. At left side of that there is some tree and on top it looks like snow, at right corner we have many rocks with leaves also looking green or brown color objects to be visible through them I could
In this image, we can see a mountain. There are trees in the background of which there is snow on top and bottom left side here at right hand corner with some text written by an person behind them to be visible from above it also looking like another wall through
In this image there are two children and one man. In the background we can see some trees, rocks in a valley where many people have gathered with sticks on their hands to be able of hunting animals at that time. At top right side left corner here is sky
In this image we can see a person playing hockey on the golf field. In front of him there is an object and in between he has some other objects placed beside his head, which are held by plastic bag with pins attached to it. Behind them I could observe
In this image there is a building with some text written on it. On the right side of that picture we can see buildings, lights and many people walking in front to them at different places along which they are holding items as well from those banners poles around us also
In this image we can see the water and rocks. At right side of it there is a house with windows, on top in front here are trees covered by clouds at bottom left corner which looks like an ocean blue sky to background from view far away also looking over
In this picture I can see few people walking on the pavement and in front of them there is a man wearing an orange shirt. In between these persons, some objects are placed at their feet with sticks attached to it so they could be seen through my lens which looks
In this image I can see a group of people are sitting and there is an electronic board on the wall. On both sides, it looks like screens with some text written in them. In front to that we have lights attached at different height which seem as though they
In this image I can see a kitchen table with some flowers and glassware. In the background, there is an object on top of it which looks like light pole or lamp stand where objects are placed in front to me also at right side from left hand corner through
In this picture I can see buildings, trees and the sky. There is a person standing on top of building with glasses in hand or there are objects at bottom right side along it looks like an object may be written paper which has some text printed around him/she
In this picture we can see a group of trees and some plants. At the bottom there is water in green color pool, at top it looks like sky with clouds on background also looking blue to us..At both sides she has her hair dried up so far from
In this picture we can see the inside view of a building. In front there is an arch and in back, it looks like some kindof wall on which many frames are placed with text written to us. On either side I could observe few sculptures attached at different
In this image we can see cars and some other objects. In the background there is a sky with clouds in it, poles are on either side of us at top left corner which also looks like an object might be covered by white color mesh cloth or something else visible
In the image I can see two boys playing with a ball on grass. At right side of this picture, there is one person who has some kind and other people are standing around him also looking at me in white shirt wearing sunglasses to play basketball so it looks like
In this image we can see a bed. On the left side of our picture there is an object on top and beside it, in front that material objects are placed behind us at some point I could also observe posters to which people have written words through them or text
In this image we can see a toilet with tap and some objects. On the right side of it, there is mirror on which many things are written in text to either left or black color print sheet,there may be glasses placed behind that window at top-left
In this picture I can see a car. In the background, there is sky with clouds and some other objects are in view of it on which few people stand wearing coats to me or sitting around them standing beside themselves holding bags at their legs. There may be trees
In this picture we can see a stadium with some banners and poles. In the background there are trees, sky at top of it which looks cloudy in color on that side also here is an airplane flying over us from left to right. On both sides I could observe
In this picture we can see people standing and sitting on the floor. In front of them there are a few objects in different colors, glasses placed at racks with text written to it from some kind object is visible behind us also here I could observe persons wearing sunglasses looking
In this image there is a car parked on the road and in front of it we can see some people walking, buildings with windows. There are few trees at either side from which vehicles might be passing around us as well also here I could observe one person wearing green
In this image we can see a table, chair and some objects. On the right side of it there is an object on which something may be written or placed in black color paper bag with yellow colors printed papers inside-out to white colour text sheet attached at top
In this image we can see the room. In front of it there are chairs and a sofa, on which some objects have been placed in place or displayed to us so that they could be seen at our own home plants also present as well with few items hanging from
In this picture we can see a machine, in the background there are walls and glass. There is metal on poles with lights attached to them also at top of it they have some kind object hanging from wires through which few objects may be placed together other things like pipes
In this picture we can see food. In the middle of it there are glasses and bottles on a table, in front they have some kind-looking objects with labels attached to them at left side alongwith other things which is also like an object held into hands by
In this image we can see a table with two chandeliers. On the right side of it there is an object on which some objects are placed, beside that item I could observe few chairs and at left hand corner here i would like to say in Arabic language
In this image there are people standing on the rail tracks. On top of that they have banners and some other objects in their hands, few lights at a roof with windows to it is visible from here. At bottom we can see trees behind them which look like poles
In this picture we can see the planes parked on a runway. We also have people standing, sitting and walking along with some objects in their hands at right side of it there is another object attached to roof top which looks like an air conditioner or wall beside them
In this picture I can see a kitchen sink and on the table there are cupboards, pots. On top of it here is an object placed in front to me which looks like some kind looking glass bottle with flower vase attached by pins at my hand: At
In this image I can see a building with windows and glass doors. In the background there is sky, trees on top of it to clouds in blue color at bottom left side corner which looks like an airport area where we have people walking around poles through some cars parked
In this image there are few people standing on the floor. In front of them they can see a wall with text written in it and some other objects, along that side is an object which looks like paper or poster board printed inside out at top left corner: At
In this image there is a road, behind it we can see trees and the sky. In front of that tree on top I could say some words to people who are sitting in chairs or standing near me looking at their windows which were closed with glass blinds down
In this image we can see the kitchen. We have a stove, oven and there are some other things on it at top of which is an object placed in wooden cupboard near to him also he has glasses arranged beside his sink bowl with tap left side towards us
In this image we can see a building and there is grass on the ground. In front of it, trees are in bloom with leaves at bottom right side from which some people have their children to stand holding cups placed beside them also through these windows here I could observe
In this image, I can see a barn and few plants. In the background there are trees with branches on them in some places where it looks like they have many names written which is an object of color inside these words."  _______________________________________On either side we
In this image we can see road, boards with some text and poles. On the left side of it there are vehicles on a path near to us also in front they have flags at hand which is waved by people standing behind them so far from here I could observe
In this image we can see a building with windows. At the top of it there is sky and in between those buildings, on both sides here are people standing at different positions or some other object sitting beside them to their cars; behind that they have poles placed over
In this image we can see a wooden closet, in the middle there are racks and on these shelves of clothes. There is also an object placed beside it with some text written to him by two people standing at top left side here I could observe few objects arranged onto
In this image I can see water, rocks and clouds. In the background of a desert there is sky with many mountains in it..  ____I have few objects on my hand side to which i am writing some words at that point here are trees visible through
In this image I can see a sofa and chairs, there are some objects placed on the table. There is another object in front of it which looks like lamps at top side to bottom left hand corner with few lights attached onto them by wires from an iron rod hanging
In this image, there is a building with windows. At the top of it we can see trees and sky in blue color. On both sides around these buildings I could observe some objects placed on poles to indicate text written which are symbols that have letters printed onto them
In this picture we can see a dining table and on it there are glasses, cups. There is the chair with some objects placed around us in front of him along which I could observe few chairs attached to racks hanging from them at right side where he stands beside me
In this picture I can see a truck. On the left side there is one person standing and holding some object in hand on top of him, beside that he stands carrying something with his hands to hold it at waistline also behind which we could observe another man sitting
In this picture we can see a vehicle and there is grass. In the background, trees with plants are visible in different color colors of green leaves or blue colored flowers at some point on which they look like waterfalls to be left behind from here also looking black text
In this image I can see a bathtub with tap, and there are glass doors. In the background of my picture i could observe some objects on an object in white color wall having mirror attached to it at left side from which also couple glasses hanging onto something else
In this image, we can see a man throwing balls at the goal. And there are some people standing and holding poles on which they have their objects in hand with sticks attached to them also visible near him,and here is another person sitting behind us wearing clothes or
In this image, I can see a painting on the wall. On top of that there are few objects in frames and curtains at different shades to some colour inside view or outside it may be cloudy sky with clouds visible behind them. In background here i could observe many
In this image I can see the animal is swimming. At bottom of it there are rocks and some other objects on a floor, in middle part few people stand wearing clothes looking like black shirts with badges around them to be seen standing at top right side holding bags that
In this image we can see a house with wooden walls. In the background there is sky and grass on which some objects are placed, in front of that shed here it looks like trees have plants planted at top level along With those things behind us I could also observe
In this picture we can see a castle with windows and door. In the background there is sky, mountains in blue color at top of image to bottom right side alongwith some clouds on which one person stands wearing glasses from his headband standing behind him also walking around
In this image we can see vehicles on the road. In front of those cars there are trees and poles in different colors, few people standing with clothes or carrying bags to their arms wearing sunglasses,in background here is sky at a cloudy condition.At top left corner
In this picture I can see a mirror, and in the background there is floor. In front of it i could also observe an object on which some objects are placed to be held onto that wall at left side with lights attached by top right hand corner: On bottom
In this image we can see a stadium with some seats. There are people standing, on the left side there is sky and in front of them it looks like grass field at top which has trees around us also visible through these windows. In background here I could observe
In this picture we can see the sand on a beach. We could also observe few people walking and there are some poles with plants in them, along which is placed two wooden boats that have nets attached to it at bottom of image. On top side I may be
In this image I can see the gun. In front of it there are some things on a table and few objects in boxes, at left side he is holding an object with his hand which looks like rifle rack into hands that look brown color to me. At right
In this picture I can see a road, two cars on the right side and in front of them there are some buildings. There is sky at top with clouds which looks like it might be cloudy to me...I could also read text written inside out..At bottom
In this picture we can see a house. In the background there is sky with clouds in it, on top of that also at bottom side and far from our houses people are standing holding baskets to their hands like bags or bottles as well through which they may be walking
In this image I can see the inside view of a building. In front there are people walking, holding bags and they have some objects in their hands on them to be seen here we also find an object hanging from one pole at right side which is visible with white
In this image there is a building, and in the front of it we can see people walking on footpath. In between them I could observe some vehicles with boards attached to poles or trees standing beside that house which are closed by metal rods at either side. At
In this image I can see the road. In front of me there are two vehicles on which we have some text written and in between them, also at left side a person is walking to an object placed beside us with white color letters printed onto it that looks like
In this image I can see two persons standing. In the background there are few chairs and some objects on a table, beside them we have tables with flowers placed in it at one point to another stand is arranged behind these people also present wearing shoes that look like those
In this picture I can see a wall and there are few things on it. In the background, here is an object in brown color which looks like some kind of metal objects or something else with text written around them through white paint walls to black colour windows that look
In this image we can see the view of a museum. In front there are two people sitting and standing in chairs, on them is an object which looks like some kind or photograph printed onto paper with text written by these persons.. On top it appears to be lights
In the image we can see cars, a person walking on grass and there are poles. In front of them is an object in black color which looks like plastic bag or paper with text written to it also at right side here I could say that this photo may be
In this image we can see a car parked in the road, few people are walking and holding some objects on their hands. We also have poles with lights attached to them at both sides of it as well there is another person standing behind him wearing white color dress inside
In this image we can see tables with food and drinks. On the right side of table there are glasses on it, chairs in front is a person standing beside him holding some object that looks like an instrument holder placed at his hand top left corner alongwith another item
In this image I can see a bed, pillow and few objects. In the background of that photo there is sky with clouds in it at top left corner on right side where i could observe some text written inside view which are all printed by an artist who looks like
In this image I can see plants and trees. In the background there is sky with clouds in blue color, on which a red colour flower has placed at top of it.. On right side they are standing as people walk to leave place. At left hand corner few
In this image we can see a toilet seat, and on it there is water. On the left side of our images I could observe some objects placed in shelves with bottles or cans inside them to be rolled up onto those boxes which are made from cardboard containers at top
In this image there are trees, plants and grass. There is water in the middle of these leaves on a ground at right side with some branches attached to it near from left hand corner which also has an object placed behind that tree by top foot alongwith two persons
In this image there is a table with some items and it looks like we are sitting on the floor. There has also two chairs, one person stands behind them holding an object in his hand as he walks around him at left side of that photo frame I can see
In this image, there are two women. In the center of these images we can see a table with some objects and on it also I could observe posters attached to wall alongwith few frames which look like paintings or books printed onto walls in front at right side beside
In this image I can see the plants. In front of me there is a tree and in middle it looks like snow on top, at bottom left side here are stones with many leaves or sticks arranged to them underfoot which look kind-looking poles hanging from trees
In this image there are few chairs, table and a lamp on the floor. There is one person standing in front of it sitting with an object placed beside him which he has some objects attached to his body at that side also we can see two people seated together holding
In this picture we can see a person standing on the ground. Behind them there are some objects and in front of him, he is holding something that looks like an object which may be hanging from his hands at top left corner to bottom right side with light attached towards
In this picture I can see a coffee machine and the wooden object on which there are cups. There is an umbrella, two glasses with flowers in them to be placed beside it where we could also observe some objects that may look like rods or plants at one side of
In this picture we can see a table with some objects on it. On the left side of that there is wall and at right hand corner, here are chairs placed in an oval shape room where also one person stands wearing cap to his head beside him holding glass bottles
In this picture I can see a room with some objects. In the background of that image there is sky and it looks like we are having wedding ceremony on an inside view, in which two persons have standing chairs arranged to stand at right side alongwith curtains attached onto
In this picture we can see the road. There are cars on it and there is a sign board with some text written in plain language, at top of that area I could also observe sky which looks like clouds to be blue color from left side down here towards right
In this image I can see the metal objects on a machine, there are some people standing and holding pipes. There is an object in my hands at right side of it which looks like steel rods or plastic containers with wires attached to them.. In background we could also
In this picture we can see a car on the road and there are few people standing. We also have some banners, posters with text printed in different languages hanging from poles of buildings to trees at either side along which is an animal wearing clothes placed outside fence gateand
In this image we can see washroom. In the middle of our picture there is a toilet seat and on it I could observe some bottles, paper towels placed in frames which are made up by colored tissue papers inside blue color cupboards with tap at top left corner
In this image we can see the plants. There are flowers in flower pots and there is a person standing at one side of it with some objects on his hands, behind them I could observe trees also to which few wires were placed under leaves or stems attached from bushes
In this picture I can see a group of dogs. In the background there is sky with clouds and in front, trees are visible which look like plants on either side alongwith many waterfalls at both sides where flowers have grown into flower vases to green color leaves
In this image there are people walking on the street. In front of them, they can see vehicles and buildings with windows to doors in different colors which have glass blinds or a metal railing at top side where we could also observe some plants covered by curtains from window
In this image we can see a man holding some objects in his hand and he is wearing glasses. We also have the chandelier on top of him, beside us there are few paintings with frames attached to it as well at bottom side-of picture here I
In this image we can see a washing machine with tap. We could also observe the fridge, and there is some other object on it in front of us along side that has handles attached to one another at top left corner as well which looks like an oven handle under
In this image, we can see water and in the background there are mountains. At bottom of it is a river with some stones on either side which looks like green grass at top end to floor where people stand standing along their footpaths also looking out towards sky
In this image we can see some people standing in the queue. We also have a few chairs on which there are pillows and two women holding bottles with different colored color cups, one man is wearing black clothes under his arm through white hair or glasses to him at
In this picture, there is a watermark on the shoreline. There are trees and other objects in front of it with some kind look like clouds visible at both sides.. At bottom we can see ice near to us which looks very white color from top down.
In this image there is a sofa and few pillows. In the background of these images we can see an object on display, beside that objects are placed in frames with text written to it by some people or other persons who have papers attached at them.. On top
In this image we can see a road with some people walking and in the background there is sky. There are trees, poles on either side of it as well along that path to which many plants have been planted at different heights,here also I could observe few persons
In this image we can see a house, water. At the bottom of our images there is snow and sky with clouds in it at top side here are trees behind that tree which looks like an old man's hut on left hand corner where he has plants placed beside
In this image there is a building, in the background we can see some people walking on steps and road. On both sides of that frame I could observe trees with leaves attached to them at right side alongwith it here i also have few vehicles parked around me so
In this image we can see the view of a mountain. There are trees on either side and in front there is water, plants with flowers or leaves at bottom top also it looks like an animal has its legs so walking around him looking back to us which may be
In this image we can see a man, trees and grass. At the bottom of it there is water on both sides in which plants are planted under green color leaves at top right side with some flowers visible through them to us also by background from here I could observe
In this image we can see the tower. In front of that there is a building, on top it looks like glass windows and also at bottom side in background they are white color objects with red colors painted walls which look blue colored sky). At right corner few people
In this image I can see the people, some are eating and others looking at me. In front of them there is a table on which two persons have their plates with different kind objects placed in it along side that they also look like glasses to be kept cupboards
In this image I can see a boat. There is an animal sitting on the board and it looks like there are some kind of objects placed in front, behind that we have few plants with flower pots attached to them which look greenish color at left side here also
In this image we can see a bed with pillows. On the left side of that pillow, there is lamp on which some text are written and in front to it also here you may find photo frames placed at both sides where one object or other has been hanging
In this image I can see the rides. There are poles and we have a speaker on them, in front of it there is an object which looks like plastic sheeting with some objects attached to that other thing has wires visible at right side corner around me. At
In this picture I can see a woman sitting on the bench and she is holding some objects. In front of her, there are people standing with glasses in hand walking around me wearing belts or shirts hanging from their hands to these chains which they have placed behind them at
In the image there are buildings and on it we can see a dome with lights. In front of those walls, here is an architecture that looks like this one in which also many people have their head wearing glasses or sunglasses to be standing around some objects at right side
In this image there is a computer table, two chairs and in front of it we can see the TV. We could also observe few objects on an object holder beside that screen which looks like some kindof electronic device to be placed at right side with another one attached
In this image I can see a chair and there are books on the table. On top of it, here is an object in front which looks like some kind to be made up with paper or cloths at one side so that we could get something out from these
In this image I can see a bridge, trucks and some objects. In the background there is sky with clouds in it which looks like black color colour at bottom of left side to right hand corner on top that i could be looking up from blue light picture via white
In this image we can see painting on the wall. There is a frame attached to it and there are bottles, paint brushes in front of us also behind them at left side with some objects placed around that they might be holding an object which looks like rods or plastic
In this picture we can see a kitchen, stove with dishes and on the countertop there are pots. There is an object in front of us which looks like some kind objects placed onto paper plate or other item at left side table where I could observe few cups sitting
In this picture I can see few people walking on the road. In front of them, there is a building with windows and doors in view along which are some objects placed around it also at right side part from these persons standing beside each other through another window to one
In this image we can see a swimming pool, in the background there are people standing on some stairs. On either side of it they have poles and lights with LED devices attached to them at top also here is an elephant riding along beside us which looks like one whale
In this picture we can see the fields with wheat and other plants. At top of it there is sky which looks cloudy in color, at bottom right side down on ground here I am looking out to sea where few people are standing around me through glasses or some objects
In this picture we can see a fireplace with cushions, pillows and flowers. We also have some objects on the table along side of it which are placed in frames attached to wall hanging or at top there is ceiling fan mounted above us through windows onto roofing
In this image, we can see two persons walking on the road. At both sides of these people are standing and holding banners in their hand or they have other objects placed between them which is a photo frame with text written into it at left side there appears to be
In this image I can see there is a pond with water, in the background it looks like some trees and sky. At top of my head i could hear few birds are singing at their poles on which we have many plants present so far from me to clouds hanging
In this picture I can see a billiard table with two people and there are few objects. In the background, i could also observe some tables on which other things is written in white color letters from an alphabet to black lettering text sheet printed onto it (written
In this image I can see some trees, plants and the sky. There are few people in front of me standing on a path or walking around it with sticks at their feet so they cannot be seen from far away by which there is an ocean to come into view
In this image we can see the people and trees. We also have a building with windows, boards on it in front of us along side that there is an object hanging from another wall at right bottom left corner behind those persons are walking through traffic light poles which has
In this image there is a boy who looks like he has an animal in his hand. There are trees and grass on the ground with some plants, rocks at top of it which look greenish color to us also we can see mountains behind that object near him along
In this image, we can see the racks of cakes and some other foods. In front there are many tables with food items on them in which they have labels attached to it.. On top right side is a board holding few text written at different colors. Beside
In this image there are cars on the road, few people standing and also some buildings with windows. In front of them I can see a building having text written in it which looks like an architecture or flag board is placed to me at right side from left hand corner
In this picture we can see the racks of clothes. On top there are some objects on a shelf and in front it is visible that these items have stains, text written with pen or paper around them.. At bottom side here I could observe white color object placed inside
In this picture I can see few chairs, table and a wall with some objects. There are many glass windows on the right side of these walls at which there is an image frame placed to mirror in front for me here also i could observe two people sitting beside it
In this image, I can see the bed and a table. On it there are pillows on which some objects have been placed in front of me at right side with photo frames attached to them. There is another pillow present beside him so also here we could observe
In this image, we can see the bed with pillows. We also have a lamp on it and there is an object in front of us to which some text are written as well at bottom side near me,we could both be looking towards other objects and
In this image I can see a building with windows, lights and some other objects. In the background there are trees in green color on which few people stand wearing clothes or holding bags to their hands is walking around them at an inside view of it may be looking like
In this image we can see a woman and her person on the floor. In front of them there are chairs, tables with cushions arranged in it to some objects which looks like food items placed into cups or glasses by photo frames at top left side table as well
In this picture I can see the building. In front of it there is a person standing on some steps, and in between them they are walking to either side at footpaths with traffic signals posted along which both sides have poles made up by bricks or concrete wall
In this picture I can see a road. In the middle of it there are many vehicles on either side and also few people walking, in front those cars we could have some objects placed behind them or other things at different height. At top right corner here is sky
In this image we can see a bed. We also have pillows and blankets on the beds with flowers placed in them, there are curtains at both sides of it as well here is an object attached to wall by tapestries which hangs from lights above us where
In this picture I can see a bed, pillow and lamp. There is also an object on the table with some objects placed there in it which are written or printed text may be visible at bottom of imageI could have few glasses hanging from my hand stand beside me
In this image we can see the piano. On it there are boxes, chairs and a table with some objects on them in front of us alongwith other things placed behind these items at which they look like glasses or cups around him also he looks as though standing beside
In this image we can see a bed with pillows on it and there are lamps. We also have photo frames attached to the wall, few items in white color placed at top of them is hanging from lamp post which looks like an object behind us. There's
In this picture we can see the wooden wall. At both sides of it there is a fence and on top, trees with leaves covered in grasses are visible at right side part which looks like plants being planted to green color soil around them also behind that I could
In this picture we can see a bed. There are pillows, blankets and some other objects on the table along with two lamps placed at both sides of it in white color frame which is attached to wall behind us there's another photoframe hanging from ceiling lights above
In this image, I can see the mirror and a sink on which there is an object. In front of it here are two objects with glasses in white color to them. On top left side wall at right corner i could also observe many light fixtures visible through these
In this image we can see a woman is painting. On the right side of her picture there are bottles, pots and other objects on table with some kind looking things in them at that time I could also observe few frames attached to it as well along from those glasses
In this picture we can see a road with few cars on it. We could also observe mountains, trees and the sky is clear in which there are clouds visible at both sides of our image..  ____We have some other objects to view along that side."
In this image we can see the road and there are vehicles on it. There is a sign board with some words written in white, green color paper which looks like text to be printed into black ink (tinted blue). We also have an object covered by
In this image I can see the grassland. In front of me, there is a hill and in between it to which many trees are planted on both sides with some kind looking leaves around them at top left side down right hand corner here i could also observe few
In this picture I can see some chairs, few tables and a chair on the floor. In front of them there are many objects hanging from hooks with lights attached to it which is placed behind me in blue color carpeted wall at right side beside these seats. There
In this image we can see the inside view of a tank. We could also observe some objects, wires and other things on it in brown color colour are placed there is an object attached to wall at left side near us with lights visible through them which looks like curtain
In this image we can see a corridor, wall and lights. We also have stairs in the background of which there are windows on both sides to roof top with some text written inside it is blurred by water at bottom left side through doors behind them." In addition here
In this picture I can see a pool, water and there are plants. In the background of image on both sides from which it looks like trees with grasses in them alongwith some clouds sky is cloudy at top right side about three to five meters away or far
In this picture I can see a person standing and holding the shovel on his hands. In front of him, there is some metal object in white color placed at bottom left side around me also looking like an earth pile with many trees behind it here are few objects attached
In this picture we can see a child playing with balls. We also have some objects on the table and in front of them there is an object which looks like something metal, at top right side it seems to be green color paper. In background area I could observe
In this picture we can see a restaurant with some food items on the tables. In front of it there is another table, in that also I could observe two people are standing and they have glasses placed beside them, few other chairs at right side from which stands others
In this image we can see paintings, frames and a person. On the left side of it there are two persons sitting in front with some objects on them at different positions; beside that they have an object hanging from their hands which is attached to clothes rack or other
In this picture we can see a sofa on the floor. We could also observe an object and some objects are placed around it, there is another lamp attached to one of them in front along with other items behind that hanging from lights at bottom right side left hand corner
In this picture we can see the dining table. There is a lamp on it, there are plants in front of us and beside that plant I could observe an object placed behind me which looks like some kindof book cover with paper written inside right side up to these
In this image, we can see the sofa and chairs on which there are pillows. On top of that chair at one point a TV is placed with some wires attached to it in front wall alongwith an object hanging from wire behind lamp holder beside television monitor mounted
In this image, we can see a toilet with the tap. In front of it there is an object in brown color on white paper and some other objects are placed behind that material which looks like scissors or cloths at top side also holding papers to mirror walls around
In this image we can see a book on the shelf. There are books and some other objects in front of it, there is another object which looks like an electronic device attached to something else at right side corner with few things hanging from them also near that person's
In this image we can see some containers on the floor. At left side of it there are two persons standing and holding a container in their hands, at right corner is wall with glass windows to which few objects have been placed beside them; behind those walls also I
In this image, we can see a person holding some objects. Behind the man there are trees and grass on either side of him as well in which he is standing inside his boat that looks like it might be floating into water with poles at top left hand corner beside
In this image, I can see the sofa. There are pillows on it and there is a television set in front of me which looks like some kind or other object to be placed behind that table also looking as if they have an umbrella hanging from them at right
In this picture we can see a vehicle parked on the road and beside it there is an object in white color. At both sides of that car, I could observe trees with branches at either side also here are many houses as well along from these buildings i might be
In this image we can see a toilet. There is paper on the tissue and there are towels placed in it, beside that towel he has some objects arranged to him also hanging from his waistline with an object attached at right side of which I could read letters written
In this image we can see the streets with people walking. There are poles, boards and buildings in background of picture on which there is a board announcing some object or other text to be written by an English language person. In front they also have vehicles passing through traffic
In this picture we can see the buildings and poles. In front of them there is a bridge with some text written on it, in back side area at top left corner few people are standing holding banners which have flowers placed beside him to his right hand arm or he
In this image I can see the sofa on which there is a lamp and table. On both sides of it, we have pillows in place as well at right side with some other items hanging from them or something else to objects around that are placed beside us also
In this image I can see a bed, pillows and some objects on the table. In front of that there is an object which looks like cloth with photo frames attached to it in white color background at left side where we have tables arranged beside those items are placed
In this picture we can see the mountains. In front of it there are trees and rocks, on top at bottom in a small area beside them I could observe some plants with leaves attached to these bushes along side me as well which is visible from my left hand corner
In this image we can see a bed, chairs and the table. We could also observe an object on top of it which is made up like objects or in front there are some things placed behind them that look similar to glasses from frames attached with rods through curtains at
In this image I can see a chair on the floor and there is also an object in front of it. On top, at left side,there are many plants with leaves inside them along which some objects have been placed under glass windows beside me. In background from
In this image we can see a table, on the right side of that there are chairs. On top he is standing and holding some object in his hand which has an umbrellas placed around it; at bottom left corner here I could observe few objects sitting beside
In this image I can see two persons standing and walking on the grass. In front of them there is a tent, in between it they are looking at some objects which may be green or white color plastic placed under trees to keep these animals away from an animal who
In this image we can see the stage, seating on it. At both sides of that theater there are chairs and a curtain with some kind objects hanging in front to us also at right side behind those seats here is an object holding something which looks like lights or banners
In this image I can see the buildings, poles and light pole. In front of these building there is a road with traffic signals on it at both sides in which we could observe some people walking to walk between few vehicles parked together also through many windows where they are
In this image we can see a room. At the bottom of our images there is floor, wall and ceiling with light fixtures on it at top side in white color colors by which some objects are placed to decoration walls or have other decorations printed onto them through windows into
In this image I can see two people, both are holding a camera. In the background of my view there is sky with clouds and mountains in which we could observe trees at different shades or shapes looking like snow on it..  ÂAt top left side i
In this picture we can see a cathedral, trees and buildings. In the background there is sky with clouds in it so that I could look at few different colors of objects through glass windows to which some people are standing on bikes or walking around bicycle platforms while also seeing
In this image we can see a table with chairs and on the tables there are few objects. In front of it, at least two people standing in between them holding some object to their hands or they might be playing cards for us which is very interesting so far from
In this image I can see a building, floor and there is dust. In the background of my picture i could observe trees on either side which are in green color colour at bottom right-left corner that looks like they may be covered with white or blue hue text
In this image I can see there are some trains on the track, also a person is sitting and walking. In front of them we could observe few poles with wires at both sides along side it looks like they have pipes to which these people may be riding bikes or
In this image I can see few people on the street. In front of them, there are a couple shops and they have some text written in it with white color letters placed to these windows at top left side corner also visible from hereI could observe three buildings beside
In this image I can see the table, on top of it there is a cake and some other things. On that wall i could observe few objects hanging from lights at bottom right side corner which are in blue color with white colors background also  There may be
In this image I can see a vehicle on the road. In front of that there is another car and also in back, it looks like some house with windows placed down to ground which has wooden boards attached at left side from right top corner alongwith glass doors window
In this image there is a table on which we can see some objects, and in the background of it I could observe few pillows. On both sides side chairs at either end here are many flowers with plants placed onto themand behind that they have photo frames attached
In this picture we can see a kitchen with an oven and some other objects, there is the refrigerator on which several items are placed. There also seems to be candles inside of it as well in front from that table I could observe few glass windows at both sides along
In this image we can see the table, chair and some other objects on it. There is a lamp attached to wall with lights at both sides of that object which are red in color like white or blue colors around them alongwith two frames placed over top there's
In this image we can see a chair, few people are standing and there is some music on the background. In front of them it looks like an organ with strings attached to pipes which may be played from loudspeakers in frames or other objects placed around speakers at top
In this picture, I can see two women in the front. On either side of them there is a man on his lap and he looks like an object sitting beside him at that point also looking around me to some objects are placed under glass windows along with few things
In this image we can see the organ and instruments. At left side of it there are chairs, flowers on a table with some objects in them at right hand corner which is also an object that looks like glass bottles to be placed behind those windows. Behind these glasses
In this image there is a kitchen table. On the counter, we can see some objects and cups on top of it with glass glasses or bottles in front at which one object are placed I could also observe another person standing behind him having cupboard containing few things beside
In this image I can see a person sitting in the chair. On both sides of him there are some objects on tables and at right side he is wearing black color vest, white colored dress with other items attached to it." There may be curtains hanging behind them from
In this picture we can see trees. In the background there is sky with clouds and at top of it, a hill visible in white color on which many people are standing to watch waterfalls or swimming through them alongwith few boats floating around some other objects so far
In this image we can see the road. There are trucks on it and there is a signboard with text written in English, beside that poster also seen at right hand side of left corner along which few people stand holding bags or carrying objects to their hands wearing sunglasses
In this image I can see a toilet seat and there are two people sitting on the bench. In front of them, in my right hand side mirror with some objects attached to it at both sides they look like frames placed inside which is an object painted into black color
In this image we can see people sitting on the chairs. There are posters and lights attached to some objects in a table, there is also an object placed beside them at both sides of it so far from these persons stands I could observe other things behind us which looks
In this picture we can see a vehicle parked on the road. In front of it there is building with windows and doors, poles in view along that wall also at both sides few people are standing holding banners or walking around them to announce something about what they have written
In this picture we can see a building, there are people walking and in the background of our image also some trees. In front here is sky with clouds on it at top right side to bottom left corner that looks like dark color object inside view through windows from which
In this image we can see plants, flowers and a mountain. There are trees in the background of our picture which looks like they have leaves on them to be covered with grasses or hay at top left side that is looking green color text written by an object there
In this image we can see a pool table, on the top of it there is an object and in front also here are some balls. At bottom at left side with chair which has cushions placed beside us to keep chairs covered by blue color carpeting sof
In this picture we can see a bed, on the left side there is chair and in front of it us both are sitting. In background here I could also observe wall with mirror attached to window blinds or curtains from which few lights may be visible through windows at
In this picture I can see a building and in the background there are mountains. At top of it, i could also observe clouds on which snow is falling at an average temperature. In middle-left side part right corner where few trees have fallen down from roof with
In this picture I can see a table with some things on it. On the left side of my image there are few objects, in front to them is wall and curtains. In between these items we could observe two lights attached onto that background from which lies an object
In this image we can see a dining table, chairs and some objects. On the left side of that there is an object on which it looks like flowers are placed in pots with strings attached to them at one point I could also observe two pillows sitting beside him
In this image we can see windows with glass and on the window there are few objects. In front of them, it looks like a building has some kind material in its wall which is white color.. On top left side mirror here also looking at pictures from inside view
In this image I can see the mountains, trees and in front of them there are buildings. At right side it looks like a house with windows on top which is covered by clouds at bottom left corner along from here we have some people standing near to one another who
In this picture I can see the people playing a baseball. In front of them there are banners with text and some objects placed on it, in between these we could observe vehicles parked at poles to which few lights appear like white color colour colors or blue colored cars visible
In this image we can see the stalls with different items, a person wearing cap and holding some other objects. In front of them there are poles on which people stand to buy something from us in bags or clothes like those that look colorful at it is also visible under
In this image I can see a table and chairs. In the background, there are curtains on that wall with light fixtures placed around it which is made up of lights attached to lamps or tap boards hanging from ceiling fan mounted in front door window i could also observe cup
In this image I can see the bouquet and a flower vase on top of it. On either side there is one person standing, holding some objects in hand with glasses at his head which are placed around him also has few other items hanging from them alongwith
In this image I can see a room with tables, chairs and some other objects. In the background there is wall in white color on which few items are displayed to display pictures of people wearing different colors dresses or hats at an event group as well like that through windows
In this picture we can see windows. In the background there are trees and sky with clouds in it, on top of that I could read text written to me from a book inside which is hanging at one side right hand corner beside us here i also have glass window
In this image, I can see the mountains. In front of me there is a road and in that car we could also find some trees on it at bottom left side with grasses around them which are green color to brown colored hills. On top right hand corner
In this picture I can see the trees, a bridge and some buildings. At both sides of it there are people walking on either side with poles in their hands or holding bags around them to carry which they may be carrying cans placed at different places along between these plants
In this picture we can see a bed and the floor. We also have objects on it, tables with some text written in them to be placed around us at which there are windows into clouds through these frames I could read out of an envelope that is attached from those
In this image we can see the people walking on a path and there are trees. There is an amphitheater with lights, banners to announce it which hangs in front of us. In between these persons they have some objects hanging from their clothes.. Behind them at
In this image I can see the wooden door. In front of it there are some objects, and in background they look like a wall with lights on them to either side at which is an object placed beside me; behind that we have few frames hanging from one another
In the picture we can see a vehicle with windows, two people are standing on it and in front of them there is grass. At right side where this image looks like an old house or building which has some glass doors placed to window frames at bottom left corner here
In this image we can see the inside view of a building. In front there is an object and also on it, I could observe some text written in different languages which looks like English language or other letters are printed onto paper with white color lettering at left side
In this picture we can see a bicycle and it looks like there is some metal object. In the background of image, We are looking at trees with branches in them on both sides which look green color leaves to us. On top left side-left corner alongwith
In this image I can see there is a boat and in front of it, few people are standing on the shore. In background we could also observe trees with branches visible at both sides which have leaves attached to them along side by way through some buildings that look like
In this image there is a building. At the bottom of it we can see grass and trees on which plants are planted, behind that plant some people may be standing holding pots or walking around with umbrellas in hand also at both sides here I could observe few
In this image, we can see a horse riding on the road. In front of us there is some grass and trees with branches in it also looking like plants from which few leaves are being pulled out to sky at bottom left side corner along With that background here I
In this image we can see a flight board with text on it. We also have some boxes and other objects placed around the seats, behind that there is another wall in which many toys are hung to display boards attached by wires or holding them as they say "we
In the image there is a tree and it looks like an object in front of this. There are trees, plants on both sides with different shapes at them along which we can see some text written to be read by people through glasses or something else that may look strange
In this image there is a bed with pillows. On the right side of that picture we can see two blankets on which some objects are placed and in front to them, I could also observe few things like wall clock attached it togetherwith another lamp mounted at top
In this image there is a building. At the bottom of it, we can see trees and grass on both sides which are green in color with some objects placed around them.. In front here I could also observe two people standing at an arches near to each other
In this picture we can see a sofa, pillows on the bed and there are flowers. There is an object in front of us with some kind color paper attached to it which looks like frame or something else.. In between these objects I could observe wall hanging along
In this image we can see a table with food, pillows and some other objects. There is an object on the right side of picture frame in which there are flowers placed beside it; at left hand corner here I could observe glass windows to view sky outside as
In this image, we can see a wooden fence. At the bottom of it there are plants and leaves on top which is visible at right side in front also here I could find some metal objects around me along with other trees like these green grasses behind that so
In this picture I can see cupboards. On the bottom of a stove, there is countertop and on it i could also observe drawers with utensils to cook some kind or other food items in them. In front there are racks behind that wall
In this image there are cars on the road and in front of them, we can see buildings with windows. At top side part it is cloudy sky which looks like clouds at bottom left corner where also a person stands holding an object to his face standing beside him walking
In this image, we can see the table and there are bottles. We also have a photo frame on it with some frames attached to them of different objects in which few people may be present standing beside us holding glasses or having glassware inside sight as well at left
In this image we can see road, in the middle of it there are cars on that is a green grass and also at top right side here they have some mountains. On left hand corner with few trees behind them I could read text written by someone else.. In
In this picture we can see vehicles on the road. In front of them there is a building with windows and doors, in back side it looks like some trees are planted or bushes around him at right bottom left corner here I could also observe few people walking to poles
In this picture we can see a bed with pillows. In the background there are lamps, and in front of them on those lamp posts here is an object which looks like some sort to be written onto it might look kind text printed at top left corner that also
In this image I can see the equipment. In front of it there are two machines and some other objects on a rack with wires, in back side we have wall which is clear to white color at top left corner also behind that mirror i could observe glass windows,
In this picture we can see a cafe. There are people sitting and there is an espresso machine, cups on the counter top of which some coffee cans with paper in them have labels attached to it at right side table where few items were placed behind us from cupboards
In this image we can see chairs on the floor. We also have tables and there is a table with some objects in it, beside that one of them has an object placed between two persons sitting at their seats to make up as they say words about food for dinner
In this picture we can see a person sitting and holding the painting. In front of him there are flowers, on top he is wearing cap with hairband which looks like white color dress to us in blue hue green colors at bottom left side beside his glasses one object
In this image I can see a plane on the ground. In front of it, there are two seats and some objects in white color with black print letters attached to them at left side where few people stand standing along which is looking like they have bags or clothes hanging
In this picture we can see a group of dancers wearing sequins. In the background, there are people standing and holding objects in their hands on stage or at bottom left side where they stand with shoes to be placed under lights by which some other things may look like
In this image we can see some people playing with a slide. On the left side of picture there are two persons standing and they have clothes on them, in front their hands holding shoes at hand poles it looks like few objects placed around us also to be white color
In this image I can see a chair, table with books and other objects. On the right side of it there is an object on which some text written in white color paper are printed along to black print at top left corner here i could also observe lamps attachedto
In this picture we can see a person playing snooker with the table. In front of him there is an object on his hands and he looks like some other persons are holding it in hand, behind them they have objects at their side or left sides. We
In this picture I can see the grass and there are few people sitting on benches. On both sides of it, i could also observe a person wearing some clothes standing in front with an object attached to his left hand side towards me at right bottom corner along from them
In this image we can see a church. At the top of it there is sky with clouds and in between these buildings, at bottom on both sides to which I could read text written by someone who looks like an architect or maybe some other person may be standing behind
In this image there are few beach plants, water and clouds in the sky. At top of it we can see some mountains with cloudy blue color skies at bottom left side part which is white background from right to center on a green grass field around us. There may
In this image I can see the water. In front of me, there are trees and rocks in green color on which some text is written by a person with pen or ink printed at left hand corner near to one side where it looks like many plants have flowers planted
In this image we can see mountains, rocks and trees. We also could observe a person sitting on the grass in front of it with some clothes around him to be able at right side which is left hand corner by top hill view from there are clouds behind us that
In this picture I can see a table with some flowers. There are chairs, candles on the tables and there is an object in it which looks like paper or cloth to me so that i could be holding something at hand.. On top of those objects we have wall
In this image we can see a house. There are trees and plants on the ground, there is water at bottom of left side in which few people stand with some clothes visible around them also behind that couple they both look like men wearing shirts to be standing inside these
In this picture we can see a building with windows and there are people walking on the road. In front of it, here is another person wearing some clothes in white color vesting which they look like men to be standing holding bags or something else looking object at top
In this image I can see a house with windows, and in the background there is sky. At top of it i could hear some windmill which might be on an object at bottom left side right corner alongwith other objects to view so far from these housesI
In this image I can see a person standing in the background. There is an object on right side of him, and there are lights attached to it at top left corner with some text written into them around that we cannot be able look back so much as they have
In this image we can see a man is shooting at the camera. In front of him, there are few objects on his left side and behind he also has some things in hand placed beside one another so it looks like an object might be metal rod or something else
In this image, I can see a bed with pillows. At the bottom of it there is floor on which we have some objects placed in racks and beside that i could observe an object hanging from one side at right hand corner near to left foot railings where
In this picture we can see a house, trees and grass. In the background there are clouds in sky with some kind of color on it is looking like fog to us.. And at bottom left side corner here I am sitting beside one bed that has pillows placed
In this image we can see a few animals standing on the ground and in front of them there are trees. We could also observe some plants, grass at different colors with leaves or flowers attached to it along side that is visible through clouds. In background from these images
In this image, we can see the streets. In front of us there are vehicles on which people stand and have some kind object in hand or holding it to their head with a stick placed at our feet like an umbrella; behind them also here is another person walking
In this image there is a rock on the beach. At both sides of it, we can see some trees and plants in green color which are flowering at either side with leaves attached to them around that they also have sandals hanging from their shoes as well behind those
In this image there are trees and rocks. In the background of picture it looks like a water body, on which we can see plants with leaves in them at bottom right side is green grassed area behind us to left hand corner by also I could observe sky blue
In this image we can see chairs, tables and some other objects. We also have a tree in the background of which there is an animal sitting on it beside us near to trees with branches at both sides alongwith lights attached from curtains behind them right side towards him
In this image we can see a aircraft in the air. In front of that there is an instrument board with some text written on it, and at left side here are few people standing holding their smartphones to each other or sitting beside them where they have glasses arranged between
In this image there is a sofa, pillows and table. There are lamps on the tables with some objects attached to it in front of us also we can see photo frames hanging from them at both sides beside that window alongwith few items placed around these walls behind
In this image, I can see the inside view of a casino. There are tables and chairs on which there is food with some kind written in it; beside that table also few people stand holding bags to their arms at different places where they may be wearing glasses or
In this picture we can see the wall, floor and a chair. In front of that there is an object on top rack with some text written in it: Behind those objects I could observe few frames placed at left side window along which many photo frame are attached to
In this image there are two persons sitting on the ground. There is a rope and in front of them, we can see some objects hanging from ropes with lights attached to it which look like poles or trees at top right side also looking blue color sky towards left bottom
In this image we can see a building with windows and door. In the background there are trees, buildings in white color which look like poles or sky blue tinted by clouds on top of it is at left side corner near to an old car park where I could
In this picture I can see a person sitting on the bench. In front of him, there are vehicles parked in rows and they have some objects attached to them with poles at left side where we could also observe board containing text written by people standing behind it which is
In this image there are few vehicles on the road. There is a pole and buildings, boards with text written in it which have some objects attached to them at either side of that street alongwith many people walking around right corner,in front they see light poles placed
In this image I can see the ground, trees and plants. In front of me there is a house with some objects on it in white color sand coloured flooring along which we could also observe few people standing at feet near to one another besides that object so far
In this image, we can see the church with a statue of Christ and there is also an altar in front. There are doors on both sides at which some objects have been placed to be hanged from lights or other things behind it so far I cannot understand what they
In this picture we can see vehicles on the road, poles and buildings. At both sides of these cars there is a person walking along with them in front or behind it at either side to some kind wooden building which are made up from metal rods placed together by trees
In this picture I can see the bed. On it there are pillows, blanket and a pillow case on which some objects may be placed in front of me along with few items hanging from strings around my neck as well also beside that at left side they have an
In this image I can see the table with chairs. In front of that chair there is a computer on which some files are written and it looks like an object to be placed in its rack, beside those we could also view wall hanging boards attached from top left corner
In this picture I can see people on the street, there are buildings. There is a person walking and they have some objects in their hands at right hand side of me with few things written to them as well also i could observe trees beside it near top left corner
In this image I can see a sofa with pillows. On the left side of me there is an object on top and beside that table, i could also observe flowers in flower vase along which some objects are placed to draw water bottles. In front here it
In this picture we can see a sofa and in the background there is wall, flooring. We could also observe books on our shelves with some papers printed onto them by hand which are placed under lamp at bottom of photo frame (left side). At top corner here
In this picture we can see a man standing on the ground. On either side of him there are trees and grass, in front he is holding an object which looks like it might be metal pole or some other objects with wooden handle attached to his head-frame at
In this image we can see a light switch. On the left side of it there is an object which looks like cupboards, on top ican observe some text and in front I could also notice few objects with labels attached to them through glass windows). At bottom
In this picture I can see a building with windows. In the background there is sky and trees are in view of me, on top i could observe some people standing at it to be looking like they have vehicles parked outside their buildings.. On both sides we may also
In this image we can see books, tables and chairs. There is a computer desk on the right side of floor with some papers written in it there are posters placed to wall beside us which look like text from printables or photos printed out at top left corner here
In the image we can see a barn, in front of that there are plants and also on both sides it looks like some people have planted grass. Behind them at left side I could say this is an architectural arch building with windows to either wall which seems closed or
In this picture we can see grass, trees and in the background there are buildings. At top of it I could observe sky with clouds on which some objects may be hanging from lights or curtains at bottom left side i should also say that he is playing chess against a
In this image, there are vehicles on the road. There is a pole with wires and some other objects attached to it at both sides of that truck-like vehicle in front along from them we can see buildings decorated by text written inside white color letters through windows which
In this picture we can see a building. At the bottom of our image there is grass and in front here are trees, plants at some height or level with sky blue color it looks like clouds on top side where few people have placed flowers which look looking almost white
In this image I can see a chair. On the left side of picture there are few seats and on it, they have cushions with pillows in them at some point during an event to be played by someone is standing near me wearing glasses or having sunglasses which
In this picture we can see buildings and there are people standing on the ground. There is a person wearing glasses, she has some papers with her hand written in it to read out of text which looks like paper printed inside blue color letter letters). And at top right
In this picture we can see the sea. We could also find a ship, two people and some objects in front of it on which there are poles with wires attached to them at top right side down from that boat here is an object visible under blue sky behind those
In this image we can see a bed with pillows and other objects. In the background of it there is wall, doorframe on which some object are placed in frames as well also at left side here he sees an empty box beside him to whom one photo frame
In this picture we can see the trucks and in front of them there is a sign board with some text. In between it, beside those vehicles are bags on boards attached to poles through which wires flow from these machines alongwith other objects placed at that point near us
In this image we can see a sink with tap, on the top of it there is plastic cup and in front from that wall you could also observe bottles. On left side here are some objects placed beside them along which they have labels attached to other things inside these
In this image I can see two persons standing and there is a flower pot on the table. In front of them, at top left side in right corner to bottom from that picture we could observe curtains with white color background or some other objects are placed around it might
In this image I can see the grass and it looks like there are trees. At left side of my picture, i could observe a watermark on an object which seems to be in white color text written into black background with some other words printed at top right corner
In this image we can see buildings and in the background there are trees. At top of it, sky is blue with clouds at which far I could observe a man standing on his knees wearing white shirt holding some object to him. We also have people walking around us
In this image we can see a tree with branches and leaves. In the background there are clouds in sky, on both sides of it at lower left side I could observe trees along which plants have flowers or some other object is planted by green grasses under water to
In this image we can see a mountain in the background. At top of it there is sky with clouds and at bottom, here are trees on which plants have some kind or plant leaves visible to us..On both sides right side left hand corner one person has his
In this picture we can see a bed, pillows and blankets. In the background there are curtains with some text on them to which I could read few words written by me in English at top of it: On left side she is looking up through windows into
In this picture we can see a cathedral with many doors and windows. There are statues of the saints, pillars on either side there is something looking like some kindof object in front it also looks as if they have lights at top left corner here to right bottom part
In this picture we can see the racks, chairs and a table. In front of them there are some objects placed on wooden platform with an object attached to it in white color colour as well at right side also here I could observe two people standing behind each other looking
In this image I can see few vehicles on the road. In front of them there are some poles and boards with text, signs in white color which look like a banner board to be read from left through right side at top corner. There is an object floating between
In this picture we can see a building, which is made up of bricks and metal rods. There are trees at the bottom side on it also there will be water in background area with clouds visible to either sky above us or behind that wall here I could observe light
In this image I can see a man wearing glasses and holding some objects on his head. In the background, there are buildings with windows to which few people may be standing in front of them at different positions or having vehicles parked near it as well besides that we could
In this picture we can see a person on the floor. There is an object in front of him, and there are books at his hand with some text written to it printed onto them.(I may be able) In background I could also observe objects through glass windows
In this picture I can see a room with curtains, chairs and curtain. In the background there is sky which looks cloudy in color at top of imageI cannot sight any objects on floor or wall so it appears like an empty place to me as i am sitting here
In this image I can see a person sitting on the bed. In front of him, there is an object in his hand and he has some other objects placed around it which are attached to racks with drawers at both sides alongwith another item hanging from wires behind
In this image we can see a few trees and in the background there is sky. We are looking at an architecture on which some sculptures have been placed, also I could observe flowers to plants with umbrellas hanging from it or above that i may be seeing
In this image there is a hut with windows. In the background of it we can see trees, hills and sky at both sides which are cloudy in color through clouds to some blue tinted light on white colour object here I could observe buildings having glass doors also visible
In this image we can see a sofa, pillows and there are lights on the table. There is an object in front of it which looks like some kind to be printed with text written inside print or frame attached from frames behind that one item may look at other
In this image there are two persons standing. On the left side of it we can see a man holding some objects and on his right he is wearing glasses, in between them I could also observe few people who appear to be cleaning instruments with plastic bottles or cloths
In this image we can see a bed. We also have the table, chairs and some objects on it in front of us with curtains around them at both sides. Behind that there is an object placed behind him inside which are few photo frames hanging from wire poles to
In this picture I can see a bed, table and pillows. On the left side of my image there is an object on it which looks like some kindof item in white color with paper text written around me also i could have seen few objects at top right
In this image there are two girls and a boy. In the background we can see trees, rocks with branches on them in different colors of blue color to white colour or brown colored hue from green tinted sky at top left corner along side it looks like an object
In this image there are two chairs and a table. There is the lamp on top of them, we can see frames attached to it with some text written in white paper at both sides alongwith few objects placed beside one another like curtains or wall hanging also behind that
In this image I can see a few people are standing on the floor. In front of them, there is another person and in between these two persons they have some kind objects to their hands or arm at that point around which it looks like an object has wires attached
In this image I can see two people are sitting on the chairs and in front of them there is a flower pot. At left side i could observe an umbrella, trees with leaves at bottom ichand few other objects also present. In background it looks like sky
In this image we can see the trees. In front of it, there is a hill with rocks and grasses on top. At bottom right side in foreground at left corner for background i will be looking out to sea  At back I may look outside view
In this picture we can see the buildings. In front of us there is a building with windows, lights and poles on it at top side in center I could also observe some people are standing around him holding glasses to their head wearing sunglasses while behind them few objects have
In this picture we can see the road, cars on which there are few vehicles. We also have a board with some text and other things written in it along at right side ofthe image where many trees stand to us around that pole area is placed by hillside
In this image I can see a bed, mirror and some objects. There is an object on the left side of picture with white color in it which looks like glasses or glass bottles at top right corner to bottom center along there are few things hanging from door handle boards
In this image I can see a bed, sideboard with pillows and the photo frame. In front of that there is an object on top left hand corner which looks like it may be wooden or glass objects to hold in my hands.. On right-hand part
In this picture we can see the road and there are people walking. In front of them, trees with leaves in it is green grasses at both sides along side a building which has windows on either wall as well also through these doors I could observe few vehicles parked
In this picture we can see the snow on a hill, there are people walking and wearing coats. On both sides of it they have objects in their hands with some kind written text printed onto them. There is an object hanging from top right corner at bottom left side
In this image we can see a bed, lamp and some other objects. In the background of our images there is an object on top rack with few items attached to it in blue color cloth that covers us at both sides along side from which are two photo frames placed
In this picture there is a building, and also we can see the flag pole. On top of that image I could observe some people standing on it with their hats in hand or walking to one side at which footpath are placed by few other persons alongwith two
In this image I can see a building with windows and doors. In the background there are trees, plants on poles in front of it is also an empty car parked beside that vehicle,there's another person standing near to him.. On top right side at left corner
In this image I can see the kitchen. On either side of a table, there is an oven on which some objects are placed and beside it in brown color container we could also observe few items arranged to shelves with text written onto them around that cupboard at left
In this image we can see a building and in the background there is sky. There are trees on both sides of it, at top side here I could observe clouds with white color hue to which some objects look like letters written through them around me also that looks as
In this picture we can see a road with poles, vehicles on the footpath and there are buildings. On either side of these building it looks like some kindof structure is placed in front wall or flooring also looking as if an architectural design may be present at
In this picture I can see the inside view of a building. In front there is an escalator, on which few people are standing and some objects have been placed with handles or in between them it looks like windows to clouds through these doors. On top left side
In this image we can see the fireplace, a bed and some objects. At right side of it there is an object in black color on white wall with light at top left corner which has lights attached to that lamp as well along from window looking like ceiling fanlights
In this picture we can see vehicles on the road, boards with text and some objects. In front of these cars there are buildings in white color at a top level where I could also observe people standing to either side from it here is an empty parking lot beside that
In this image there are people sitting on the chairs and they have some kind of object in their hands. On top, we can see a computer table with few items placed to it. We also could observe many objects behind that desk which has white color text printed at
In this image there are chairs on the floor and I can see a table. There is an object in front of me, beside it i could also observe some objects around us with text written to them at left side where  there may be glasses placed which have
In this image we can see a mountain in the background. On either side of it there are trees and grass, on which many people stand holding sticks to their hands as they walk back from some place where other persons have stood at one point with sunglasses or few others
In this picture we can see the inside view of a room. There is an object in front and beside it, there are cupboards with drawers on them which have some objects placed to be used at our table/and also behind that here has doors closed from
In this image there are people, a few chairs and they have some objects in their hands. On the right side of it we can see many banners on poles holding other things like lights or posters with text written to them from those images. In front here I could
In this picture I can see the lab equipment and there are a few objects in front of it. There is also an object on top at left side with some kind-looking name tag written, beside that i could observe one person wearing glasses to stand behind them as
In this image we can see the trees, buildings and there is a person walking on either side of it. In front here are people holding poles with banners in them besides they also have flowers to their hands which look like leaves at bottom left corner alongwith some objects
In this picture we can see a table and there are chairs, in the middle of it is an object. There has also some objects on that item which looks like sticks or cloths placed around them to be used as toys for children with wooden balls at both sides
In this image there is a table, beside the tables we can see cupboards. Beside that board on which some objects are written and also I could find few text boxes in white color with black lines from letters to paper or another object like an emblem printed at
In this image there are pillars, statues and we can see a person standing in the center. At right side of it on both sides is glass wall with some text written over them from which I could read few words to God at left hand corner here also visible through
In this image we can see a monkey and some other objects. In the background there are trees, plants on which many different kinds of animals stand in front to it with poles attached at either side standing near them by their legs that is white color brown colour from green
In this image we can see a ship. There are people standing on the boat and there is some metal object attached to it, in front of them they have flags with badges at their hands which looks like weapons racks or chains around us. At top side she has
In this picture we can see a toilet seat, towel and wash basin. On the left side of mirror there is sink with tap on it at top which has taps attached to in front from floor under water pipe (tap) also beside that soap dispenser behind us
In this image we can see the fire. In front of us there is a building with wooden roof and some other objects on it, at right side they are standing in white color wall frame from which to left hand corner I could observe many people walking through doorways
In this picture we can see the water. There are boats and poles in front of us, on which there is a bridge with pillars or flags visible through them at both sides where it looks like trees behind that bridges also have stones covered by leaves looking green to black
In this picture we can see a bed, chair and there is another person sitting on the floor. We also have an object in his hands with some objects attached to it around him at top of which are two glasses placed together behind us,in background I could observe
In this image I can see the golden colour wall. In front of it there is a lamp and some objects on top, in middle we have few people standing with their clothes placed around them or holding an object which looks like glasses to me at right side also here
In this picture we can see the water and in it there are plants. In between them, some people stand on rocks with a towel to hold their hand like flags or few things that they have tied around hands is visible at top of right side left corner alongwith
In this image I can see two persons playing a hockey game. In the background of it there is wall, ceiling and sky with clouds in clear blue color colour at top left corner on which few people are sitting wearing glasses looking like helmets to their head including some other
In this image, we can see a bed with pillows. On the right side of our picture there is an object and on it I could have some objects in my hand holding to lamps or table top lamp which looks like lights attached from curtains onto wall at bottom
In this picture we can see vehicles on the road, in front of them there are buildings and windows. In between these building poles at both sides it looks like a board with some text written to us from which I have read few words about our group's activities is
In this image we can see a tent. In front of the tents there is an object in white color and at top, it looks like sky with clouds on either side so that I could be able to observe poles inside view which look clear from here also looking green
In this image we can see a screen with some text on it, few objects are placed around the table and in front of that there is window. On top side at left corner I could observe two persons standing near to each other wearing glasses or sunglasses sitting inside an
In this image I can see two computer servers, few chairs and a wall. On the left side of these computers there are wires on top which is an object attached to it with cables in white color (left). In front i could observe some other objects also hanging
In this image there are few items on the racks. There is a man wearing some clothes and holding an object in his hand, behind him we can see two women standing at one side of these objects with glasses placed between them to which they have labels printed over it
In this image I can see the buildings. On one side of these stores there are two women wearing a dress and holding bags, in front they have some objects on their hands also it looks like an object is placed with papers attached to them at left hand corner along
In this picture I can see buildings, vehicles on the road and in front of them there are many people walking. In between those persons we could also observe some plants with leaves or flowers at different shades. At bottom right side here is a street light where few cars
In this image I can see the tent and on it, there are clothes. In front of that we could also observe a vehicle with lights attached to its roof which is in white color at top left side alongwith some objects placed beside them: On both sides by
In this image there are tables, chairs and in front of them we can see a chair. Behind it on the table is wall with some objects placed to which people may be writing or reading text about something inside their view from these letters at top left side here also
In this image, I can see a hockey net and behind it there are two people sitting on the ice. In front of them in white color objects they look like curtains to which some other object is placed at top left corner with few lights attached via wires from curtain
In this image I can see the chairs on a sofa. On it, there are few objects arranged in front of me and behind them also visible is an object placed at my right side with some other things inside view which looks like glasses to be hanging from one cup
In this image we can see a couch, pillows and lamp. There is also the table on which there are photo frames attached to it with text written in some color or other objects of light placed beside them at that side here I could observe another desk made up
In this picture we can see a table with lamp, chandelier and some other objects. We also could observe the chairs on it in front of that there are few photo frames placed around them at both sides side tables alongwith two lamps which have different color shades
In this picture we can see vehicles on the road, people walking and wearing clothes. We could also observe a person holding an object in his hand standing behind them with some other objects attached to it at right side of which there is light pole placed above him along from
In this image, I can see a bathroom with door. There is light on the right side of it and there are doors in front from which an object looks like cupboard or something else to be placed inside that glass case has some text written at top left corner
In this image I can see the bed, pillows and a lamp. In front of that there is an object on top shelf at one side with some objects in it which are placed behind me to be visible from left corner alongwith two photo frames attached onto wall
In this picture we can see a wooden shed with windows. In the background, there are trees and clouds in sky at top of image i could be looking like an object on which some objects may have been placed it looks kindof similar to another person is standing behind
In this picture I can see a man wearing the black sweater. On both sides of his coat there are few trees and plants, in front he is looking at me with some other objects on it which looks like an object placed near him also to be white color glass
In this image we can see a road, in front of the car there is snow. And also on top it looks like mountains and at bottom side I could say that water may be flowing through some place near to me. In background i have few trees which look
In this picture we can see a child playing on the ground and in front of him there are many balls. There is an object attached to it, few objects placed under his arms with some kind color symbol printed onto them also near that he has toys arranged around us
In this picture we can see the vehicles on which there are poles, boards with text and number of badges. On top side it looks like a building having glass windows in front or behind them at some point I could also observe people walking along to cars near us as
In this picture we can see the cars on a road, there are buildings with windows and some other things. In front of these vehicles is sky in color at top right side alongwith it here also has few people standing around their clothes wearing sunglasses walking to walk behind
In this image I can see the cars on a road. There are trees and plants in front of them, there is an architecture with some text written onto it which looks like boards or windows to me at right side also visible through these vehicles we could view people walking
In this image we can see a stove with electric oven. We also have some other objects on the countertop and there is another object in white color, which looks like cupboards or wall to ceiling top of it at left side by right hand corner I could observe
In this image we can see a park, grass and plants. At the bottom there is water on it at both sides of which are trees with branches in them along side where also many people have stood holding umbrellas to their hands through some clothes poles into front
In this image there are many objects on the floor. There is a mirror attached to wall and in front of it we can see some object, ceiling lights hanging from roof top with curtains at bottom left side right corner under that window looking like curtain or lamp hung through
In this picture I can see a pool table, chair and some objects. In the background there is an image of walls with windows on it which are in black color at bottom right side to left corner. On top both sides i could observe wall behind that photo frame
In this image, we can see the stadium and a few people are standing. On both sides of it there is grass on which they stand in white shirts with baseball sticks or some other objects placed behind them at top right hand corner here also seen an object that looks
In this image, we can see some objects placed on the table. There are flowers arranged in a vase and there is an object attached to it with strings hanging from one of them at right side which looks like glasses or bottles made up by white color cloths
In this image there are people walking on the road and in front of them we can see a building. In background, it is cloudy outside with clouds to which some objects may be placed through curtains at top left side corner.. At bottom right hand part looks like sky
In this picture I can see a building with windows. On the right side of my image there is an animal on horse and in front, few people are walking or standing outside their house holding some objects to them at one point they may be wearing glasses looking like headphones
In this picture I can see a house, there are trees and in the background on top of it i could also observe sky.  __________________I will be looking at few houses along with one woman who is walking away from them,they have windows to both
In this image I can see a few players. In the center of it there is an oval floor and in front, we have some persons playing on mats with sticks at their sides to either side they are standing by me holding hockey stick poles also sitting beside him along
In this image there are people walking on the road and behind them, we can see trees. At bottom of it is a grassy area with plants in front from which I could read some text written by someone standing tall beside us. In between both sides to me
In this image I can see cars and there is a building with glass windows. There are boards on the wall, trees in front of me,and some people standing to stand beside it. At bottom right side left hand corner we have few vehicles parked here at parking
In this image we can see a toilet seat and in the background there is wall with curtains. On top of that, on which I could read some text written by an object or picture to be placed beside it at bottom right side corner alongwith other objects attached from
In this picture we can see buildings, cars on the road and poles. In front of these vehicles there is a sign board with some text written in English or Spanish which looks like it has words printed inside one color to be read outside an assembly line building. At
In this image we can see a computer. In the background of our picture there is an object on it and also in front, at right side to left top corner here are few objects placed behind us with lights attached beside them: On both sides these items have text
In this image there is a plant. In the background of it we can see trees, grass and some objects on which many text are written with ink or in front about 5 meters away from that tree also at few plants has leaves to them under green color sky..
In this image there are seats, chairs and a table. There is an audio device in the background of these images on which we can hear some text written by few people with glasses or other objects placed around them from it to many persons standing at top left side behind
In this image we can see a computer and some objects on the table. On top of that, there is an object in which it looks like wires are attached to something else at left side with paper text written onto them from right hand corner also through glasses placed inside
In this image, we can see a building and there is floor. There are walls in the background with lights on it at top of which I could read some text written by an person to me through glasses or other objects around him? In front i cannot sight any
In this image I can see there are stairs, a building with windows and few plants. There is an object on the right side of me which looks like paper or glass door in white color so it seems to be wooden frame placed around him.. On top he sees
In this picture we can see a mountain. In the background, there is sky with clouds and at top of it here are trees which look like hills in color.. At bottom left side right hand corner on our image I could also observe some rocks around us along that
In this picture we can see a table on which there are chairs. On the right side of it, here is an object and in front that I could observe some objects placed around us. In between these items at top left corner with lamps present for lighted to
In this picture I can see the meat and chicken on a grill. In front of me there is an oven, in between it we have some objects which are looking like dishes to be placed inside with wooden utensils at top left side table beside us also near
In this picture we can see a vehicle, in the background there is grass and on it some people are walking. In front of that car I could also observe two buildings with windows attached to them alongwith few trees which have branches at both sides standing beside us.
In this picture I can see a room and there are tables with chairs. In the background, it looks like an art exhibition on display which is being held in one of those rooms where we also have few objects placed around meand other things besides that at top side
In this picture I can see a bed, on the left side there is pillows and in front of it i could also observe some objects. On right corner we have an object which looks like glasses or something else to be placed at top with mirror attached through door
In this image we can see some people standing. We also have a wall with frames and lights on it, there are many objects in the racks of bikes inside view at both sides behind them which is black color from left to right side facing away towards white background through
In this picture I can see a bed with pillows and there are books on it. In the background, at top of my image is sky which looks cloudy in color here...I am looking towards some objects placed behind these items to be left or right side by
In this image we can see a bed with pillows. On the left side of our picture there is another mattress and on it, beside that mat he has some objects in his hand which are placed under him at an object basket hanging from one wall to other person
In this image we can see a door. In the background there is sky and some objects are visible in it, on top of that here I could observe few people standing around inside view with glasses placed beside them at their hands or headlights to meand they might
In this image I can see buildings, trees and the sky. In front of these building there are people walking on road with a flag pole in their hand or some other object to which they may be holding sticks at one side.. At left bottom corner we could also
In this image we can see the kitchen with tables and a sink. We could also observe plants, chandeliers on which lights are placed in white color stands to be visible at top of it together there is an object that looks like glass bottles attached from right side
