In this image I can see road, pavement, light pole, leaves, wall with climbing plants, flowers and in the background I can see houses with roofs, windows, glasses, chimneys, dish antenna, trees and sky.
In the middle we can see an elevator like object. On the left we can see a poster on the wall. On the right we can see frames, wall and floor.
In this picture I can see the path covered with snow and I can see number of trees.
In this picture I can see there is a graveyard and there are few cross placed on the ground, in the background there are a few trees and I can see there are clouds in the sky.
In the image, inside a room there is a tanker with stairs and rods. On the left side of the image there is a cloth. In the background there are walls. At the top of the image there is a roof. On the right side of the image there are buckets. And there are few cables on the floor.
In this picture I can see the shed on the right side. I can see green grass. I can see trees in the background.
In this image we can see water, birds, sun, sky and clouds.
In this picture we can see a few people holding fishing rods and standing on the ground. We can see the water. We can see some fencing, flag poles and rocks. We can see the boats on the water. We can see the plants, trees, architectures and the sky in the background.
In this picture we can see a table, a chair , a computer system and a printing machine. There are 3 wall clocks on the wall.
In this image there are buildings and trees. We can see poles. At the bottom there is a road and we can see people. There are bicycles. We can see boards and there are flowers. In the background there is sky.
In this picture there is a an empty chair, there is a table in the front. In the background there is a chest of drawers and there is a table and on the table there is a monitor, there are shelves and there is a keyboard, on the top of the shelf there is a photo frame and there is a pot. On the right side there is a stand with some papers, in the front on the right side there is stand and on the stand there is an object which is black in colour. On the table there is a printer which is white in colour and there is a wall in the background. On the floor there is an object which is black in colour and there is mat on the floor and there are objects on the wall which are visible.
In this image there is a sofa, potted plants, a chair with an object on it in the left corner. There is a cupboard with objects on it and a wall in the right corner. There is a sofa, table with flower vase and some objects on it, cupboard with lamps ,flower vase and potted plants in the foreground. There are walls with some frames and door in the background. There is a floor at the bottom. And there are lights on roof at the top.
In the middle of the image we can see some vehicles on the road. Behind the vehicles we can see some trees, plants and buildings. At the top of the image we can see some clouds in the sky.
At the bottom of the image we can see a bed. Besides the bed we can see two tables, on the table we can see a lamp. Behind the bed we can see wall. In the top right corner of the image we can see a lamp.
In this image we can see a bed with some pillows on it which is placed on the floor. We can also see the lambs, a cloth and a pot on the cupboards, a mirror, the window blinds, frames on a wall and a ceiling fan with lights to a roof. On the left side we can see some plants, a house and the sky.
In this image i can see the building with the windows, near that i can see an iron fencing, beside that i can see few trees, there are traffic signal pole and sign board, i can see the road, there is some text written on the board, at the top i can see the sky.
In this picture this place look like control room and there is a chair on the right side.
Here I can see a path. On the left side there is a fencing. In the background there are many trees. On the right side, I can see the grass on the ground.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is sky with clouds. At the bottom of the image there is the floor. There is grass on the ground. We can see the plants. On the left side of the image there is a tree. On the right side of the image there is a tree. We can see the plants in the pot with green leaves, flowers and stems. In the middle of the image we can see the building. There is a clock on the wall. There are two banners with text. We can see the text on the wall. There are a few plants in the pots.
In the foreground of this image, there are vehicles moving on the road and a man standing on it. On the left, there is an object. We can also see poles, trees, buildings and the sky.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the flower pots or the plants which have flowers and these flowers are in white, red, pink and yellow color. In the middle, we see a building in brown color with a grey color roof. We see a board in yellow and black color with some text written on it. On the left side, we see a garbage bin, broomstick and a person is standing. In the background, we see the shrubs, trees and a building in grey color. At the top, we see the sky and the wires.
In the foreground of this image, there are people sitting on the chairs near a table on which, there are papers, filed and few more objects. In the background, there are people lying and sitting on the beds and also we can see bottles, tubs and few objects on the tables and also few people standing and walking on the floor. At the top, there are few pipes, lights and the inside roof of a tent.
In this image I can see the sink, tap, mirror on the counter-top. I can see few white color towels on the shelf and the mirror is attached to the wall.
In this image we can see some vehicles on the road. We can also see grass, poles, the hills, the pathway and the sky which looks cloudy.
In this image we can see plants with flowers. In the background we can see trees and sky.
This image is taken indoors. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. In the background there is a wall. In the middle of the image there is a toilet seat. On the right side of the image there is a tissue roll.
Here in this picture we can see vehicles on the road. Beside the road we have a blue building & a red building with trees in front it.
In this image we can see some tables, monitors, CPUs, chairs, speakers, mouse and some other objects. In the background of the image there is the wall
At the bottom of the image there is a road. On the road there are few vehicles. On the right side of the image, on the ground there is grass. And also there are bushes, trees and poles with sign boards. In the background there are trees and hills. At the top of the image there is sky.
In this image, we can see hills, snow and there is an object. At the top, there are clouds in the sky.
Here the land is covered with grass and greenery on one side and on the other side we have water and mountains.
This image looks like a log cabin. There are trees in the left and right corner. And there is a cabin, trees in the foreground. And there is a dry grass at the bottom.
In this image we can see car seats.
In the given image i can see a bed,lamp light,table,telephone,wooden draw,bag,id card,door,switches and table.
In this image there is a road. There is a building with the glasses. On the left side there another building and in the background right side there is another building. There is a sky.
In this picture I can see chairs, table, landline telephone, there is a houseplant, flower vase, there is a frame attached to the wall.
In this image I can see water, stones, buildings, fence, grass and the sky. This image is taken may be near the ocean.
In this image we can see a building with lights, glass windows, name board and some other objects. At the bottom of the image there is the floor. In front of the building there are few vehicles. On the right side of the image there are some poles, trees and some other objects. In the background of the image there is the sky.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the grass. In the middle, we see the stones and the orange color objects. On the right side, we see a water body. On the left side, we see the trees. There are trees and the hills in the background. We see the sky and the clouds in the background.
This image is taken in the bathroom and here we can see lights, a toilet seat, a bin and there is a bottle, a sink and some objects on the counter table. We can see boards and mirrors placed on the wall, through the glass we can see stairs, a door and some other objects. At the top, there is a roof. At the bottom, there is a floor and we can see mats.
In this picture we can see a vehicle in the tunnel. At the top of the image, there are some objects. On the right side of the image, there is an object.
In this image I can see different types of food on the shelves. I can also see number of white colour boards and on it I can see something is written.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the pavement and we see the plants and the trees. On the left side, we see the water fountain, a bench, a flagpole and a flag. On the left side, we see a white car and the trees. In the middle, we see a green color roof. Beside that, we see the green color objects. In the background, we see a building and it is in brown and white color. At the top, we see the sky, which is blue in color.
In this picture we can see a table, a chair with pillows and white objects on the floor. We can see an object on a table and a rack. We can see an object in this rack. We can see a shelf. On this shelf, we can see a glass vase with liquid and stems with leaves. Through these glass window, we can see an architecture in the background visible in the top right.
In the foreground, I can see a bed with pillows and blankets. And I can see lamps and some gadgets on tables. In the background, I can see a wall and a curtain.
In this image there are couches, pillows and there is a table. On the table there are some objects and under the table there are some newspapers, and there are some flower pot, plants. In the center of the image there is a television, speakers, wires and some objects. And there are curtains and wall, at the top there is ceiling and lights. At the bottom there is floor.
In this image on the left side there is a black color vehicle, and at the bottom there is a road and in the background it looks like a tunnel. And on the right side and left side there is a wall and there is dark background, and there are objects which are not clear and at the top there is sky. On the right side and left side it looks like there is wall.
In this image there are buildings and we can see cars on the road. There are trees and we can see wires. There is a pole. In the background there is sky.
In this image there is a wooden furniture having laptop, plug board, cup and few objects. There is a lamp on the wooden furniture. Before there is a chair having clothes. Right side there is a bed having blankets. Left side there is a chair having clothes on it. Background there is a wall having a window. Bottom of the image there is a bag, shoes and few objects on the floor.
In this picture we can see the front view of building with glass windows, in front there is road path, both sides there is green grass, trees and a person is sitting in front of that building, beside there is another building, top there is clear sky.
This is inside view of a room. We can see pillows and bed sheets on the beds, frames and lights on the walls, doors, flower vase and objects on a cupboard, plant with flowers in a pot, plant, windows, curtains, chairs and a wooden objects on the right side at the bottom corner.
In this image we can see a red color building and in the building we can see the black color windows and at the bottom we can see the entrance of the building with a door and a hall and on the right hand side there is also another white color door and in front of the building we can see some white color objects and a road and on both sides of the building we can see another buildings in different colors and we can also see a cc camera is attached to the walls of the building and we can also see a white color object is also there on the wall.
This image is taken outdoors. At the bottom of the image we can see the green grass on the ground. On the left side of the image we can see the trees. At the top of the image there is sky. On the right side of the image we can see the trees. There are many plants with colorful flowers, leaves and stems. There is a board with text. In the middle there is a building. There are many plants.
This image is taken indoors. At the bottom of the image there is the floor. At the top of the image there is a roof. We can see the lights. In the middle of the image we can see the picture frames on the walls. There is a bench on the floor.
In this image on the right side there is a building, and there are some cycles, glass windows, doors, and on the left side there is one person walking and there are plants, stairs, sand and some objects. And in the background there are trees, at the bottom there is walkway.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky with clouds. In the middle of the image there are many windmills. At the bottom of the image there is a ground.
In this image, we can see vehicles on the road and in the background, there are buildings, boards with text, lights, poles, trees, people, railings, stairs and there are concrete walls. At the top, there are clouds in the sky.
In this picture this all looks like a bakery and their many varieties of buns and cake are present.
In this picture I can see number of things on the racks and on a countertop. I can also see papers on which there are words written. On the top of this picture, I can see the plants, lights, few flowers and few bottles. I can also see few more bottles on the left side of this picture. In the middle of this picture, I can see few electronic equipment.
In this picture I can see the vehicle on the road. I can see the buildings on the left and right side. I can see the sky is clear.
In this image we can see a table, light, book, chair, mirror, house plant and also a carpet on the floor. We can also see the wall, window with the curtains and also the ceiling. On the right we can see the door.
In this image I can see a house with roof and I can also see fence, pillars, stairs and something looking like soil and in the background I can see trees and a clear blue sky.
In this image, we can see doors, a fire place and there is a wall. At the top, there are lights and at the bottom, there is a floor.
This image consists of few people walking on a bridge. On the left and right, we can see the metal railing. In the background, there are cars. On the left, there are cabins. At the top, there are clouds in the sky. And we can see the ground. On the left and right, there are white color objects. And we can see a board like thing near the railing. At the bottom left, it looks like there is water and a white color object.
In this image we can see some food in a plate, a group of glasses with liquid in it, a bouquet, fruits in a basket and a group of plates placed one on the other on a table. On the backside we can see a pole.
In this image at the bottom we can see road. In the background we can see few persons, buildings, windows, trees, plants with flowers, door, steps, railings,wires, traffic signal pole and sky.
In the center of the image we can see food in trays, clothes, beverage in glass tumblers placed on the table. On the right and left side of the image we can see sofas. In the background we can see aquarium, fruits, photo frames and wall.
In this image there are tables, chairs, flower vase, bottles and lamps in the foreground. There are some frames on wall in the background. There is a light hanging in roof at the top. And there is a floor at the bottom.
In this image, we can see some seats. There is a window in the middle of the image. There are lights at the top of the image.
In this image, we can see stairs, frames placed on the wall and there is a board. We can see a roof.
In this picture I can see the vehicles on the road. I can see the buildings in the background. I can see trees. I can see people near the building. I can see the light poles. I can see the boards. I can see the text.
This picture is taken inside of a building, in this image on the right side and left side it looks like there are pillars and there is wall and windows and there are objects. And in the background it looks like stained glass, on the glass there is some design and there are objects and wall. And at the top there is ceiling, and on the ceiling it looks like there is design.
In this image we can see floor, door, wall, frame, and an object.
On the left side of the image we can see light house and houses. In the center of the image we can see house and flag pole. At the bottom of the image there is grass. In the background we can see sky and clouds.
This picture is clicked outside. In the foreground we can see the green grass. In the center we can see the rocks and a water body. In the background we can see the sky and we can see some other items.
In this image there is water, metal railing and pillars in the left corner. There are chairs and wall in the right corner. There is a sign board. The sky is at the top. And there is a floor at the bottom.
In this image I can see cars on the left. There are buildings at the back. There is sky and wires at the top.
In this image we can see woman, stethoscope, dog on the table. In the background there is wall.
At the bottom of this image, there are plants and grass on the ground. In the middle of this image, there is a building having windows, roof and steps. In the background, there is the sky.
In this picture there are some people sitting on the right side also there are some other people who are standing in the middle.
In the picture we can see a part of the road and near it we can see a path with a bus shelter and under it we can see a bench and beside the shelter we can see a pole with light and in the background we can see many houses and lights and the sky.
In this image we can see a play room and in the play room there is a black color table tennis table and on the table there are some bats and a ball and there is also a small black color net and in the front we can some toy chairs and tables in different colors and we can also see a small three wheel bicycle in different colors and on the floor there are some other play objects with numbers and on the right hand side there is a wooden wardrobe with doors and handles and on the wardrobe we can see a empty space table and on the table we can see some other objects and we can also see a window in the wall and in the background we can see some other bats,balls,shoes and some other objects and play instruments are attached to the wall and on the roof there are some lights and iron rods are attached and in the background we can also see a wooden object also.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the pavement, grass, pole and a board in white color with some text written on it. On the left side, we see an object which looks like a headstone. Behind that, we see the flag poles and the flags in white, red and blue color. Behind that, we see the staircase. In the background, we see the trees and the buildings in white and brown color. On top of the building, we see some text written. At the top, we see the sky.
This image consists of many trees. At the bottom, there is green grass. At the top, there is sky.
In the image, inside a room there are cabins. Inside the cabins there are tables with computers on it. In front of those computers there are few people sitting on the chairs. In the background there are walls.
In this image we can see a man in red shirt and black pant is playing bowling, where we can see a ball, bowling tracks, bowling pins, a wooden carpeted floor. In background we can see a yellow color wall and some points on the wall.
At the bottom of the image we can see tyres on the road. In the background we can see fencing, trees, plants, grass, sky and clouds.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky. At the bottom of the image there is a road. In the background there are many trees with leaves, stems and branches. In the middle of the image there is a bridge with walls, pillars and railings. There are two signal lights. There are a few poles with street lights. There are a few boards with text on them. A few vehicles are moving on the road and a few are parked on the road.
In this picture we can see a bed on the floor with a bed sheet, pillows on it, here we can see a lamp, wall, table and some objects.
This is a motor home and here we can see people sitting on the sofa and are holding glasses containing drink and we can see some fruits on the stand and there is a stove and a table. In the background, there are curtains, lights, cupboards and we can see trees and there is water.
In this picture I can see a building and few trees in front. In the background, I can see the clear sky.
In this image in the center there are buildings, trees, at the bottom there is grass. And in the background there are trees, and at the top there is sky.
In the picture I can see a wall and some other objects.
In the foreground of this image, there are trees and an object on the left.
In this image we can see a group of toys and some cardboard boxes which are placed on a stand. We can also see some papers with text on them. On the top of the image we can see some text.
In this picture we can see many products like bottles, packets, boxes in the shelves. On the left we can see a woman's poster and mannequins leg.
In this image we can see sofa set with pillows on it, table lamp on the side table, houseplants, cupboards, decor, photo frames and books arranged in the shelves, wall hangings to the wall, ceiling fan and trees.
In the foreground, I can see a blanket on a bed. And I can see a lamp and some objects on the floor. In the background, I can see doors, windows, walls, lights and some object on a rooftop and I can see other things.
In the foreground of this image, there is road and on either side, there are poles, wall, many boards, plants, posters and few objects. At the bottom, there is a side mirror of a vehicle and also a motorbike on the right. In the background, there is a crowd standing and a man sitting and also there is a building in the background and cables at the top.
In this image we can see people are walking and standing on a road and on the road there are some yellow and white color lines and there are some cars are also parked on the road and on the both sides of the road we can see some different models and colors of buildings and some other shops with boards and in the front we can see two black color cords are attached to the iron rods and in the background we can see the sky and some other buildings.
In this image we can see some objects on a table, some chairs, a group of toys, a wooden frame, some frames on a wall and some objects placed in the shelves. On the backside we can see a window, a wooden fence, grass, a tree and a building.
In this picture I can observe a baby on the floor. I can observe floor mat which is looking like a puzzle in the middle of the picture. On the left side I can observe books. In the background there is wall.
This image is taken indoors. At the top of the image there is a roof. There is a lamp. At the bottom of the image there is the floor. On the left side of the image there is a table with a lamp, a picture frame and a few things on it. We can see the carvings on the table. In the middle of the image there is a bed with pillows and a bed sheet on it. We can see the table with platters and a cup on it. There is a lamp. On the right side of the image there is an object. We can see the window. Through the window we can see the buildings and trees.
In this picture we can see inside view of the bus. In the front we can see some people sitting on the seats. Behind there is a bus windshield glass.
This image consists of a room in which we can see a bed covered with a bed sheet and we can see a pillow. On the right, it looks like a cabinet along with drawers. At the bottom, there is floor and we can see a rug on the floor. In the background, there is a wall and we can see the frames on the wall. Beside the bed, there is a lamp. On the right, there is a window along with a curtain. On the left, it looks like a pillar in white color.
In front of the image there is a person standing, behind him there are trucks, army airplanes, in the background of the image there are tents, some objects, lamp posts and mountains.
In this image in the center there are groups of people standing and one person is wearing suit and it seems that he is talking, and some of them are wearing jackets, scarves and caps and standing. At the bottom there is floor, on the floor it seems that there is snow and in the background there are buildings. And we could see doors and windows and some pipes on the buildings, and at the top there is sky.
In the foreground of this image, there is a bed on the right. On the left, there is a table and a chair and we can also see a cupboard, wall, window and a white object.
In this image in the center there are some people, some of them are walking and some of them are sitting and there are some machines. At the bottom there is floor, and in the background there are some lights and screens and some objects. At the top there is ceiling and some object, at the bottom there is floor.
In the image we can see there are vehicles on the road. Here we can see snow, pole and it looks like the building, and the windows of the building.
In this image there are people in the foreground. There is a aquarium with fishes in the background. And there is a floor at the bottom.
In the foreground of the image there is a road. There are people walking. There are vehicles. In the background of the image there are buildings, direction boards, traffic light, flag.
In this image there are trees, lamp posts, vehicles, water hydrant, board and some other objects. There are traffic lights on the poles. There are boards on the buildings. There is a person wearing a bag and he is holding some object in his hand. Behind him there is another person holding some object in her hand. On the left side of the image there people sitting inside the cabin. At the top of the image there is sky.
In this picture we can see inside view of the bed room. In the front we can see big bed with red bed sheet and pillows. Beside there is a wooden table and flower pot. On the right corner we can see glass wall and hanging chandelier on the ceiling.
In this image, I can see the inside view of an aircraft. There are three persons standing. At the bottom of the image, I can see the luggage bags. On the right side of the image, I can see a box and few other objects. At the bottom left and right side of the image, there are watermarks.
In this image there are some machinery equipments in a metal shed. On top of the image there are lights.
In this picture I can see buildings, trees and I can see couple of cars moving on the road and I can see a blue sky.
In this picture we can see boards and a screen, there is some text on these boards, there are two pillars in the middle, in the background there are four persons, we can see a woman is sitting on a chair on the right side, we can also see lights in the background.
In this image we can see a white color structure. At the bottom of the image there are stones. In the background of the image there are mountains, water. At the top of the image there is sky and clouds.
In this image at the bottom there is road, on the road there are some rocks and in the background there are trees, buildings and there is a fence and there are some poles and boards. And in the background there are mountains, trees, buildings and it looks like there is sand also and at the top there is sky.
In the foreground I can see two persons are holding some objects in their hand, table, washing machines, bags and some objects. In the background I can see poster on a wall, board, light on a rooftop and door. This image is taken may be in a hall.
In the image there is a table and in front of the table there are two women sitting on the chairs by holding a teddy bear, in the foreground there are two cameras and there is a person on the left side standing behind the camera, in the background there is a plain cloth, on the right side there is a white board.
In this picture we can see a statue in the front, in the background there is a wall, we can see photo frames on the wall, on the left side there is a glass box.
In this image in the center there are buildings and it looks like there is a tower in the center of the image, and also there are trees it seems. And at the top of the image there is sky.
In this picture there are three people running in the foreground. At the back there are group of people and there are rocks and there are boards on the poles and there is text on the boards. At the bottom there is water and there is sand.
In the image there is a building and in front of the building there is a person sitting on the pavement, there are trees on the left side and behind the trees there is a building.
In the image we can see there are vehicles of different colors and shapes. Here we can see the floor and a cabin. Here we can see frames stick to the walls and the lights. It looks like on the right corner we can see a person standing wearing clothes.
In this image I can see a person standing. There is a chair. In the background there is a window.
In this image I can see a black colour car in the front and in the car I can see one person is sitting. In the background I can see a building, bushes and few trees. I can also see this image is little bit blurry.
In this image we can see a big stadium and on the top of the stadium there are some light poles with lights and the stadium is constructed with iron poles and iron objects and in the stadium we can also see glass windows and red color walls and in front of the stadium there is a empty space and on the empty space there are some black color poles,some designs are on the floor and we can also see some black color objects and a orange color barricade and we can also see some trees also and in the background we can see the sky.
In the image it looks like a news agency, there are many books, magazines and other items visible in the picture.
In this image I can see few vehicles on the road. In the background I can observe few trees.
The image looks like a reflection in the mirror. In the image we can see sculptures, walls, light, chandeliers and various other objects.
In this image we can see the interior of a salon shop and in the shop we can see some mirrors,black color chairs and some other objects and tables and racks and on the walls there are some photo frames and on the roof of the shop we can see the white color lights and some sound boxes and on the floor we can see the cut hair.
This picture is clicked inside the room. On the left we can see the bed, pillows and a lamp and some items are placed on the top of the table and we can see the bench, stool, curtain and in the background we can see the wall and there are some items hanging on the wall. In the bottom left corner we can see the water mark on the image.
In this picture I can see a waterfall and a hill covered with trees.
In this image we can see a sofa, some objects on the tables, chairs, a pot and a plant in a pot which are placed on the floor. We can also see a window, the photo frames on a wall and a decor to a roof.
In this image we can see a man is digging the land. He is wearing hat, shirt and pant. There is some grass in the right top of the image.
This image is clicked in a washroom. In the front, we can see a toilet along with a flush tank. At the bottom, there is floor and we can see the tiles. In the background, there is a wall on which we can see the photo frames and a towel. On the right, there is a mirror. At the top, we can see the lights and a roof. At the bottom right, we can see a wash basin along with a tap. And near the mirror there are some objects. In the mirror, we can see a curtain.
This is a blurry image. In this image, we can see houses, trees, people, walkway and water. In the background, there is the sky.
In the image there is a road, around the road there are vehicles, trees, some boards and buildings.
This picture is clicked outside. In the foreground we can see the ground. In the center we can see the trees and a water body and some other items. In the background we can see the sky with the clouds and we can see the trees.
In this picture we can see inside view of bedroom, where we can see bed, beside there is chair, stand lamp, photo frame attached to wall, beside there is TV placed in cupboard.
In the center of the image we can see a table, chairs. In the background of the image we can see a curtain, photo frames on the wall, cupboards. On the cupboards we can see a lamp, candles with stand, flower pot and object. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor.
In this picture we can see a bridge, shrines, trees, hills and the sky. We can see people. At the bottom of the image we can see water and we can see the reflection of trees, shrines and the sky on water. We can see the formation of algae on the water.
In this image I can see bushes and I can also see this image is little bit blurry. In the centre of the image I can see water like thing.
In this image we can see a building with windows and doors. Near to the building there is a table. Also there are chairs. And there is a pot with plant. Also there is a car. And there are stands with text. And there is a board with some papers on the wall. In the back there is sky. Also there are trees.
In this image, there is a shelter having lights, windows and a door. At the bottom of this image, there is ground. In the background, there are trees, a white wall, light and the sky
In this picture it looks like a stage. I can see the stairs, it looks like rope fence. I can see the metal railing around the stage, few lights and the dark background. Those are looking like speakers at the top.
In this picture I can see few books on the shelves and I can see paper with some text pasted on the machines and I can see text on the machines and few buttons in order to operate the machines.
This is an edited picture. In this picture we can see a building with pillars, boards and carvings. At the top of the image we can see the sky. At the bottom of the image we can see plants and vehicles.
In this image we can see road. There are trees. Also we can see vehicles. There are buildings. And we can see light poles. There are sign boards with poles. And there are some other objects. In the background there is sky.
In this image we can see a red and white color building and on the building we can see some designs and in the front there is a white color board with some names and text and on the right hand side there are some glass cabins and red color pillars and in the front there are some red color designs and pillars and we can also see some posters are attached to the walls and in front of the building there are some small white color stands and in the background we can see the sky.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky. At the bottom of the image there is grass on the ground. In the background there are a few trees with leaves, stems and branches. In the middle of the image there are two houses and there is a fence. There are two dustbins.
In this image, I see a house with its top designed like a hut, in front of it I see few plants and wooden railing, beside it I see another house, few trees in the background with a clear sky at the top.
In the picture I can see people walking on the ground. I can also see plants, trees, street lights, flags, buildings and some other objects. In the background I can see the sky.
In this image we can see cars on the road. There is a sign board to the right side of the image. In the background of the image there are trees, plants, houses, poles and sky.
In this image there is playing court, metal railings, flag, people, poles with lights on it in the foreground. And there is water at the background.
In the picture we can see a path with tiles and beside it, we can see some stalls and some people buying something and behind it, we can see the building with many doors and windows to it and under the building we can see the entrance and on the top of the building we can see a part of the sky.
In foreground of this image, there are flowers and plants. At the bottom, there is road.
In this image I can see the chairs. I can see some people. At the top I can see the light.
On the left we can see house plant, basket, magazines, briefcase and wall. In the middle of the picture we can see pillows, bed, window, table and lamp. On the right we can see books, closet and wall. In the background we can see trees and sky.
In this image there are buildings and trees. We can see vehicles on the road and there are people. We can see boards. In the background there is sky.
In this image there are chairs and we can see counter tables. There is an oven and we can see lights. On the left we can see a refrigerator and a door. In the background there are windows and we can see decors placed on the wall.
In this image in the center there are some buildings, pipe, boards and some people are walking and also there are vehicles, plants. At the bottom there is a road.
In the middle there is wash basin and also there is water tap and on the bottom left hand corner there is a bucket
In this image I can see inside view of a room. In the centre I can see a bed, a table and on the bed I can see number of cushions. On the left side of the image I can see drawers and on the right side I can see a plant, one more table, a television and a black colour thing. On the top side of the image I can see a ceiling fan.
In this image I can see a boy holding a bag and running, it looks like a poultry and there are few hens on the right side.
In this image I can see the waterfall and few trees in green color and the sky is in blue and white color.
In this image, we can see chairs on the wooden surface. In the background, there are railings, trees, wires and there is an umbrella. At the top, there are clouds in the sky.
In this image I can see a man standing in suit and holding something in his hand and I can also see escalators, something looking like carpet, floor, few people sitting in chairs, some objects, rods, boards with some text on them, pillars and the background is white and at the top of the image I can see ceiling with lights.
In this image I can see cars and some other vehicles on roads and I can also see bridge, light pole, fence, some objects and in the background I can see buildings.
This image is taken outdoors. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. On the left and right sides of the image there are many buildings. There are a few plants in the pots. There are a few lamps. A few bikes and bicycles are parked on the floor. A car is parked on the floor.
In this image, I see a sculpture on the rock with few flowers and other objects in front of it. In the background I see few flower vases and few steel objects with a wall behind it.
In the foreground of the image we can snow. In the middle of the image we can see a person is standing on the stone were as he wore a black color dress and brown color belt and the back of him big trees are there. On the top of the image we can see the sky.
In this image there is a table having balls on it. Right side there is a table surrounded by chairs. Behind there is a table having a shield on it. Background there is a wall having doors and windows. Behind the glass wall there are two chairs on the land having plants and trees.
In this image, we can see a table and some chairs. There is a sofa on the right side of the image. There is a fireplace in the middle of the image. There is an object on the left side of the image. There is a ceiling at the top of the image.
In the foreground of this image, there is a tent on the grass land. In the background, there are trees, water, mountains and the sky.
In this picture on the right side there is the house and on the left side this is the road and background is the sky.
In this picture I can see there are a few people standing, there is a fence, speakers, a drum set and lights attached to the poles arranged and I can see there are trees and in the background, I can see there is some grass and there are two persons sitting and I can see the sky.
This image is taken outdoors. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. In the middle of the image there is a building with walls, windows, a door, stairs and railing. On the left side of the image there is a tree and there is a building.
At the bottom of the image there is a bed. Behind the bed on the wall there is a wooden object. On the right side of the image there is a table with lamp, clock, telephone and a card.
In this image in the center there is a car moving on the road. In the background there are buildings, trees, there is grass on the ground, there are boards with some text written on it and there are vehicles on the road and the sky is cloudy.
This image consists of a car and a bike parked on the road. At the bottom, there is a road. In the middle, there is a pavement. In the background, there is a building along with trees and green grass.
In this picture we can see inside view of a room, where we can see cup boards attached to wall, in that some kind of things are placed in shelves and beside there is sink and down there are cup boards which are in white, bedside there is small table made up of wooden and top there are two lights between there is a frame attached to wall.
In the picture we can see inside view of the room with a part of the bed with pillow on it and beside it we can see a bag and a table with a laptop on it which is opened and behind it we can see a window with glass to it and beside it we can see a table with some things are placed on it and behind it we can see a wall with some posters and on the other side of the wall we can see a flag cloth.
In this image, we can see car are moving on the roads. Here we can see people, fence, traffic signals and street lights. In the background, we can see the water, trees, buildings and sky.
In this picture we can see the land filled with snow. There are trees and mountains.
In this image I can see the ground and few trees on the ground which are green in color.
In the image I can see the picture of a building to which there is a lamp and also I can see some trees and plants in front of it.
In this picture I can see water, there is a bridge, there are poles, lights, there is a building, there are trees, and in the background there is the sky.
In this image I can see inside view of some building and I can also see a human being sitting, benches, floor, pillars, some objects and wall.
In this picture I can see the swimming pool. I can see planets on the left side. I can see glass windows on the left side. I can see light arrangements in the roof. I can see the iron bars on the right side.
In this image there is a sink with a tap on it, above the sink there are glass racks, mirror and a towel on the hanger, beneath the sink there are cupboards, beside the sink there are flush toilets, paper roll and towels on the rod on the tile wall, beside that there is a shower room, at the top of the image there is a lamp on the roof.
In this picture I can see at the bottom there are trees, in the middle there is a big building. At the top there is the sky.
In this image we can see some chairs, steps and other objects. On the right side of the image there is a wall and lights. In the background of the image there are some wooden objects, lights and other objects. At the top of the image there is the ceiling and lights.
In this image I can see a road. On the left side I can see a tree. In the background, I can see the houses and the sky.
In this image there are trees in the left and right corner. There is a vehicle in the foreground. There is a dry grass at the bottom. And there is a sky at the top.
In this image we can see people. There is a trolley stand. Also we can see baggage carousel. And we can see luggage. In the back we can see screens, pillars and board with text.
In this image we can see table, chairs and some other objects. In the background of the image there is a flower vase, door, wall and some other objects. At the top of the image there is the ceiling.
In this image we can see a person sitting inside an airplane placed on the ground. In the foreground of the image we can see a person wearing helmet, headphones and the device is standing on the ground. In the background, we can see water. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
In the image it looks like a roomette, there is a bed and there is a curtain in the foreground.
In this image we can see a couch. There is a table on which there are plates, mug. At the bottom of the image there is floor. In the background of the image there is wall with window.
In the picture I can see cupboard, washing basin and windows. At the top of the image I can see the lights.
In this image we can see a house with windows. There is a light pole. At the bottom of the image there is road. To the right side of the image there is a plant.
In this image we can see the buildings, flags, banners, light poles, tree, trash bins, sign boards and also the vehicles passing on the road. We can also see the people walking on the path. Sky is also visible in this image.
In this image there is a wall mounted television and photo frames, lamps and a projector on the wall, in front of the television, there are speakers, a tray, two chairs, some objects on the table, cushions on the sofa and there are switch boards on the wall.
In this picture there are mountains and trees and there are poles. In the foreground there are animals. At the top there is sky and there are clouds. At the bottom there is grass.
In this image there are a few shelves with many edibles and food packets on them. There are a few labels with text on them.
In this picture there is a fridge on the left side, the vessel on the right top side and dustbin on the bottom right hand corner.
In this image, we can see an inside view of a building. There are lights and statues in the middle of the image. There is a pool at the bottom of the image. There are windows on the right side of the image.
In this picture we can see the floor, here we can see racks, boxes and some objects and in the background we can see a wall, roof, lights.
In this image, we can see trees, buildings, railings, sheds, poles, boards and there is ground. At the top, there are clouds in the sky.
In this picture we can see the racks, boards. On the tracks we can see the shoes. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor. At the top of the image we can see the wall.
In this image in the center there is a tower, and there are trees. At the bottom there is walkway and grass, on the right side there is some object and at the top there is sky.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky with clouds. At the bottom of the image there is a pond with water and there is grass in the pond. There are many trees and plants with leaves, stems and branches.
In this image I can see a person is lying on the floor, stool, desk, wall, racks in which some objects are placed, metal rods and rooftop. This image is taken may be in a hall.
In the image we can see a person standing, wearing clothes and the person is facing back and holding a paper in hand. Here we can see paintings, wooden stool, table and on the table, we can see other things. Here we can see the wall and the white chart.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the trees and the buildings. In the middle, we see a building which looks like a church. Behind that, we see a pole. In the background, we see the sky and the clouds.
In this picture I can see the rock on the left side. I can see planets on the right side. I can see clouds in the sky.
In the picture I can see the door on the left side and there is a woman logo symbol on the door. I can see another door on the right side. I can see the boards on the wall. It is looking like a fire extinguisher on the wall.
This is an inside view of an architecture. In this picture we can see the taps, sinks, boxes, lights, a hand dryer and boards on a wall. We can see the text and images on these boards. We can see the text on a wall. We can see a dustbin with a cover and a stool on the floor. We can see the doors and other things in an architecture.
In the foreground of this image, there is a path and on either side, there are trees. In the background, there is the sky.
In this picture I can see the sitting chairs, table. I can see the plates. I can see the chandelier in the middle of the image. I can see the roof at the top. I can see the wall in the background. I can see the carpet in the foreground.
In this image we can see floor, wash basin, mirror, clothes, bottles, window, wall, glass door, and few objects.
In this image I can see road and I can also see something looking like dry grass, rods, some vehicle and some other objects and in the background I can see trees and sky with clouds.
In this image we can see sofa, chairs, tables, pillows, flower vase, carpet. In the background we can see glass windows, sky and trees.
In this image there are trees and we can see snow. In the background there is a bus.
This picture is an inside view of a room. In this picture we can see the chairs, screens, keyboards, mouse, CPUs, table, wall and some other objects. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor.
In this image we can see some weight plates on pole placed on stands, we can also see some benches on the floor. In the background, we can see a mirror and some lights.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the plants which have flowers. These flowers are in yellow, orange, pink and white color. On the right side, we see the field crops and the white color objects. In the middle, it looks like the roof of a shed. On either side of the picture, we see the plants and the buildings. There are trees, the sky and the clouds in the background. This picture is blurred.
In this image I can see drawers and on the right side of the image I can see a jar on the rack. On the top left side I can see a sink, a water tap, a mirror on the wall and I can also see reflection on the mirror. In the centre of the image I can see a door and window blinds on it.
In this image there is a sink with taps, on top of it there is a mirror, beneath the sink there are pipes and a plastic bucket, beside the sink there is a flush toilet, on the other side of the sink there is a curtain, in front of the sink there is some object.
In this image there is a pillow on the bed. There is a landline phone, pen, cards on the table. There is a carpet on the floor. There is a lamp and there is a switchboard on the wall.
In this image we can see a wall with a paintings of animals and trees. Also there are lights. And there are seats and few other objects.
In this image we can see there are pillows on the sofas. There is a pillow on the chair. There is on object on the table. There are books and objects on the rack. There is a cupboard. There is a lamp, candle and an object on the table. There are lamps. There are glass windows. Through the glass door we can see trees and water. There is a carpet.
In this image we can see a pavement and a road. In the background, we can see plants, trees, grassy land, banner, lights and buildings. On the right side of the image, we can see a building with glass door and banners.
In this picture we have many people sitting on the chair at the table. There is also a woman standing.
In front of the picture, we see a bed and the pillows. Beside that, we see a stand on which a lamp is placed. Behind that, we see a wall on which a photo frame is placed. Beside that, we see a white door and a pillar. On the left side, we see a cupboard or a drawer on which a toy is placed. Behind that, we see a wall on which a mirror is placed. In the background, we see the railing and the wall. At the bottom, we see a green color carpet.
In this image I can observe few plants. I can see a car. There are few trees. In the background I can see two buildings. At the top I can see sky.
This image is taken indoors. In the background there is a wall. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. In the middle of the image there are many clothes in the closet and there are a few cupboards.
In this image we can see snow on the mountains. In the background there is sky.
In this picture we can see the trees, glass doors with door handles. We can see the escalators with handrails. We can see the glass objects, plants and people. We can see a few people and some people standing. We can see the boards with text. We can see the rods and roofing sheets. There are signs on the boards. We can see the lights, chairs and other objects. We can see the shops.
In this image I can see a wooden cot. On the left there is a cupboard. On the right there is a window. There is a curtain to the window. In the background there is some painting on the wall. I can see some text on it.
This picture describes about inside view of a washroom, in this we can see a wash basin, tap, lights and a mirror.
In this image we can see vehicles and the highway road, we can see a sign board, near that we can see the road fencing and we can see a few buildings, at the top we can see the sky.
In this picture we can see the hills, trees. At the bottom of the image we can see the grass. At the top of the image we can see the clouds are present in the sky.
In this picture I can see a number of books on the table. I can see a few people standing. I can see little people sitting. I can see decorative flags.
This picture is clicked outside. On the right we can see a bicycle and in the center we can see a person seems to be riding a bicycle. In the background we can see the building, pillars, metal rods, trees and some other items. In the bottom right corner we can see the watermark on the image.
In this image I can see the road. I can see the glass and trees. I can see the vehicles on the road. In the background, I can see the parking shed. I can see the hills and clouds in the sky.
In this picture I can see a toilet on the floor and I can see 2 blue color things. On the left side of this picture, I can see 2 clothes on the hangers and I can see a toilet paper. On the right side of this picture, I can see few things and I can see a window.
In this image we can see the buildings, creepers, plants, stairs, railing, grass, path and also an informational board. We can also see the sky.
In this image, there are people walking on the road and the side path. Behind them, there are few boards, glass walls, a lamp and buildings. On the right, there is a woman.
This picture looks like a sofa bed and I can see cushions and a helmet on it and I can see couple of flags on the wall and I can see a chair and blinds to the windows.
This is a blurred picture. In this picture we can see trees and grass. We can see dried leaves on the road.
In the foreground of the image we can see a person giving direction to to the helicrafter and that person is wearing yellow color dress. We can see the road also. In the middle of the image we can see helicrafter is about to fly. On the top of the image we can see water body and other helicrafter.
This is an inside view of an architecture. In this picture we can see a table and chairs on the floor. We can see a flower pot with leaves and a mat on this table. We can see a hanging lamp. We can see a board with a painting and text. We can see this board, switchboards and some objects on the walls. We can see a wooden object with doors and shelves. On these shelves, we can see the show pieces and other decorative items. We can see the bamboo mats, glass windows and glass doors. Through these glass windows, we can see the greenery, statues, a door with a door handle and the architecture. We can see other things and the sky in the background.
In this picture I can see inside of the building, some staircases, chairs and some things around.
In this image there are lamps, mirror and a chair. On the right side of the image there is a curtain. In the background of the image there is a painting and there are posters attached to the wall.
In this picture we can see the road, poles, plants, lights, buildings with windows and in the background we can see a person standing on the footpath, name board, leaves, some objects.
In this image on the right side and left side there are buildings and also we could see windows, and there are groups of people who are walking. And at the bottom there is road, and also it looks like there are some boards on the right side and left side and also there are objects which are not clear in the background also. And we could see a wire and birds in the center, and at the top there is sky.
This picture is clicked outside. In the foreground we can see the concrete road. In the center we can see the group of vehicles and group of people and we can see the buildings, dry stems and the lamppost and we can see the metal gate, pillars and some other items. In the background we can see the sky and the cables.
In this image, we can see a bed beside the lamp. There is a window on the right side of the image. There are some objects on drawer table. There are photo frames on the wall. There is a basket in the bottom left of the image. There is a light in the top right of the image.
On the left there are trees, water pool, person, sandals, dry leaves, grass and other objects. In the middle of the picture there are rocks, stones, building, water body and trees. On the right there are trees. At the top there is sky.
In this image there is couch, pillows, table, flower pot, plant, chair and in the center there is screen, fire, curtains, wall and some other objects. At the bottom there is floor and carpet, and at the top there is ceiling and lights.
The image is not clear but we can see objects on the racks, light hanging to the roof and there are objects on a platform.
In this picture I can see an aerial view of few buildings, trees and a road.
In the picture there are people present sitting on the ground, there are bones present on the ground, beside there are stones present on the ground.
In this image I can see a lady in some dress with shades, black sleeveless shrug and white shoe and I can also see concrete and asphalt road, cars, fence, small plants, sign boards, pole through which electricity wires are passing, tree trunk, tree branches, trees, board with some text on it and in the background I can see buildings, windows, glasses and sky.
This image is taken inside a house. In which I can see pillows on a bed and I can see pillows on the floor. In the background, I can see some object on a wall. And I can see glass windows. Through which I can see the trees, buildings and the sky.
In this picture we have a dining table with a tablecloth and chairs placed on a wooden floor with carpet. On the right side we have a table with many drawers. Here we can see a window.
In this picture there is a building. In the foreground there are plants and there is a window blind behind the window and there is a light on the wall. On the left side of the image there is a tree and there might be a pole. At the top there is sky and there are clouds. At the bottom there are bricks.
In this image there are tables chairs, and two of them are sitting and reading books and there are some lights and book racks. In the book racks there are books and one person is standing, and in the center there is a window. At the bottom there is carpet, and at the top there is ceiling and chandelier.
In this image we can see houses, plants. There are vehicles on the road. At the top of the image there is sky.
This image is taken outdoors. At the bottom of the image we can see the ground. In the background there is sky. There are many trees with green leaves, stems and branches. We can see the dry leaves. On the left side of the image we can see the rock on the ground. We can see the board with text on it. On the right side of the image we can see the table. There are many bottles on the table. We can see the text on the table. There is an object. In the middle of the image we can see the huts. We can see the walls. We can see the colorful clothes. We can see the paintings. There are many objects in the hut. There are many objects on the shelves. We can see the tree.
In this picture we can see some ropes and machines, on the right side there is a board, at the bottom there is floor.
In this image I can see few fish in the water and the fish are in blue and yellow color.
In this image I can see there is a road, there are few vehicles moving on the road, there is a tree at the right side, few buildings at left side and the sky is clear.
In the foreground of this image, there are vehicles on the road and on either side to it, there are buildings, trees and poles. On the left, there is a woman holding the belt of a dog on the pavement. At the top, there is the sky.
In this picture we can see three people smiling and in front of them we can see cards, plastic bag, machines and in the background we can see the lights, ceiling, some objects.
In this image I can see stairs and I can also see something looking like concrete flooring, wall, some objects, trees and in the background I can see sky.
In this picture I can see there are two vehicles parked on the road, behind it I can see a walkway and a few people walking on it, there are a few poles with boards and lamps and there is a building visible.
In this image I can see the inner view of the building. Inside the building I can see the board and there is an object on the floor.
In the middle of the image I can see tables and chairs. In the background, I can see board, screen, some written text and TV. On the right of the image I can see books, frames, cupboards and some other objects. At the top of the image I can see the lights.
In this image we can see tables, chairs and cupboards. On the table, we can see monitor, papers and some objects. There is a blue color chart on the wall. On the left side of the image, we can see a window and a potted plant.
In this image we can see cupboard with racks. On the tracks we can see bottles, microwave oven, cover and some other objects. And we can see dust bin, baskets, stand, cardboard boxes, stool and some other object on the floor.
As we can see in the image there are buildings, windows, few people, grass and fence. At the top there is sky and clouds.
This picture is clicked outside. In the center we can see the buildings and we can see the reflections of other buildings on the glasses of the building. In the background we can see the sky, clouds, trees and some other items. In the bottom right corner we can see the watermark on the image.
This is an inside view of a room. In this picture we can see tables and chairs on the floor. In the background we can see objects on the wall. We can see a white board on the wall. At the top of the image we can see the ceiling and lights.
This picture is clicked outside. In the foreground we can see the green grass and the flowers. In the center we can see the houses and the minarets and we can see the trees. In the background we can see the sky and the hills and we can see some other items in the center.
This image is taken outdoors. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. On the left and right sides of the image there are many buildings. There are many boards with text on them. In the middle of the image a few people are walking on the floor. There is a sign board.
In this image there is a road, beside the road there is a board, on that board there is some text, in the background there is a house, trees, mountains and the sky.
In this picture we can see the inside view of a building.There are tables, sofas and house plants. On the sofa, there is a guitar. On the right side of the image, there is a stand, lamp and other objects. Behind the table, there is a fireplace. There is a television on a table. At the bottom of the image, there is a remote control and a house plant on the table.
In this picture we can see the inside view of bedroom, where we can see bed with pillows, top there is AC, hanging lights, beside glass windows, outside there are plants.
This image is taken indoors. At the bottom of the image there is a roof. At the top of the image there is a ceiling. On the right side of the image there is a chair on the floor. In the middle of the image there are two mirrors on the wall. There is a picture frame and a lamp on the wall. There are many things on the table and there are a few cupboards.
In this image there are racks and there are colourful objects. In the background there is a wall and on the top there are lights.
In this picture we can see the architecture with windows, doors and a few things. We can see some objects on the ground. We can see a pole, wires, leaves, other things and the sky in the background.
At the bottom of the image, on the ground there is grass. And there are many people sitting on the ground. And there are few people walking. There are benches, bushes, trees and poles with lamps. In the background there is a building and also there is sky.
In this image I can see cars, bikes and some other vehicles and I can also see road, few people, traffic lights, light poles, boards with some text printed on them, tree trunks, tree branches, trees and in the background I can see buildings, glasses, fence and sky.
The picture is taken inside a building. In this picture we can see doors, wall, ceiling and floor.
In this image there is like a wooden room, there are two horses, in between them there is a partition with wooden wall, beside the one of the horses there is a person standing, in front of them there are like a sink. On the right side of the image there is a window and there are a few poles.
In the foreground of the image we can see the road. In the middle of the image we can see building on which a text was written on it and some trees are there. On top of the image we can see the sky.
In this image I can see a bathtub, wash basins, taps, mirror, table and wall. This image is taken may be in a room.
In this image there are stairs, railings. There is a metal fence. There are dustbins. There are light poles, electric poles with cables, traffic lights, directional boards. In the center of the image there are cars on the road. In the background of the image there are buildings, trees. At the top of the image there is sky.
In this image we can see a bed. There is a table with a book and a cup. In the background of the image there is a wooden wall with windows and curtains.
In this picture I can see the vehicles on the road. I can see trees on the left side and right side. I can see the light poles. I can see the sky at the top.
In this picture we can see group of people standing and playing golf game, in between there is flag to pole, there is plants, stones with water fall, trees, top there is clear sky.
In this picture we can see the view of mountains covered with snow, inside there are trees, road path, top there is sky.
In this image we can see the sofa and cushions. In the middle of the image, we can see a table and chimney. On the table, we can see a flower vase and objects. In the background, we can see wall and doors. Behind the doors, we can see trees and the sky. At the top of the image, we can see the roof. There is one more table and a black color object at the bottom of the image.
On the right side of the image we can see two persons are standing and looking at the board. There is a street light. In the middle of the image we can see road and footpath, beside footpath a bench is there and some bicycle and a building. On the right side of the image we can see one bicycle is there and a building.
In this picture we can see a snooker table with balls, nets and a stick. We can see the chairs, glass windows, a television, a lamp, stairs and platforms. We can see the utensils on a platform. We can see the curtains, a frame and a board on the walls. We can see a flower pot and the text in the bottom left. Through these glass windows, we can see an architecture and the sky on the right side.
On the right side of the image we can see some persons are walking, one person is wearing green and white combination dress and holding a bag and there is a big window. In the middle of the image we can see three different color flooring tiles and two persons are walking on the floor. On the left side of the image we can chairs on which some persons are sitting.
In this image I can see there is a table and there is a flower vase, cups, saucer and napkins placed on the table. There are a few chairs around the table and there is a wooden door on the left side.
In the image we can see there are sofas and pillows on the sofa. Here we can see television, table and on the table, we can see flower plant. Here we can see floor, carpet, lamp, cable wire and frame stick to the wall. We can even see the window and the cupboards.
In this image I can see a person sitting on the stairs on the right, there is a railing visible in the background on the left I can see there are few trees and a building visible on the right and I can see the sky.
In this picture there are buildings. On the right side of the image it looks like a sculpture. At the top there is sky.
At the bottom of the image there is snow. In the background of the image there are mountains, trees. There is an electric pole. There is a person standing. At the top of the image there is sky.
In this image there is a railing, trees in the left corner. There are trees in the right corner. There is a bridge, vehicle in the foreground. There are trees in the background. And there is a road at the bottom. And there is a sky at the top.
This is an inside view of an architecture. In this picture we can see a carpet and a device on the floor. We can see the desks with drawers and shelves. On these shelves, we can see a computer, a keyboard, a television, a printer with a paper, a tape recorder, show pieces and a few things. We can see bed with shelves and drawers. We can see a pillow and a blanket on this bed. On the shelves of this bed, we can see a photo frame, books, a show piece and other things. We can see a book and some objects on a bedside table. We can see a drawer and shelf. There are some objects on a shelf of this bedside table. We can see the horizontal blinds and ceilings lights. We can see the walls.
This image is taken outdoors. On the left side of the image there are many trees. We can see the plants. There are many dry leaves on the ground. At the bottom of the image we can see the wooden pavement. On the right side of the image we can see the railing. There are many plants and trees. There might be a hut. There is grass.
In this image in the front there is water and there are leaves. In the center there is a bridge and in the background there are trees and the sky is cloudy and on the top of the bridge there is a pole.
In the image we can see the grass, grass plant, trees, water and the sky.
In this image, I see couple of men sitting in a cockpit with few objects on their heads and in front of them I see digital screens and few buttons and windshield, at the top I see a light, through the windshield I see anaerial view
In this image, I see a man sitting on a ladder while holding some object in his hand. In the background I see a huge steel machine.
At the bottom of this image, there is a person riding snowboards on the snow surface and holding two sticks with both hands. In the background, there are other persons riding snowboards on the snow surface.
This image consists of buildings along with windows. In the front, we can see the shops and cars parked on the road. On the right, we can see a small plant. At the bottom, there is a road. On the left, we can see two boxes. And there are few persons in this image.
In this image it looks like the inside view of some kind of mall with many shops here and there. There is also escalators and some kind of number written on each floor. There are many people here and there.
In the foreground of this image, there is greenery. In the middle, there are buildings. In the background, there is greenery. In the top, there is the sky.
In this picture, we see two beds and the pillows. In between the beds, we see a table on which a telephone and a black color object are placed. In the background, we see a white wall on which a photo frame and the lights are placed. At the top, we see the roof of the buildings in brown color. This picture is clicked inside the room.
In this image we can see so many books in wooden selves, a ladder and a table as well.
In this image, we can see an altar in front of the wall.
In this image in the center there is a small house, and there are some hens in a cage. At the bottom there is grass, and in the background there are plants and grass.
In this image we can see three persons are playing on the ground. In the background we can see grass.
In this image we can see monitor, electronic devices and objects on a cart wheel and we can also see objects on the platform.
In this picture we see a place beside the road, in front of which we have trees, vehicles, and poles. The sky is blue.
In this picture I can see there are trees in the foreground of the image, there is a hill in the background and it looks like there are animals grazing grass on the right side and I can see there are clouds in the sky.
In this picture I can see chairs and a table and I can see couple of table lamps and statue of an animal and I can see photo frame on the wall and curtains to the window.
This picture looks like a supermarket, I can see few items on the shelves and I can see a man and a woman standing and few posters hanging and lights to the ceiling and I can see woman wearing sunglasses and holding something in her hand.
In this image we can see sofas, chairs and table. On the table we can see decorative objects. Also we can see cupboards. On that we can see flower bouquet and some other objects. On the wall we can see mirrors. Also we can see windows. There are chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. In the back we can see pots with plants. And there are some other objects. Also we can see carpet on the floor. There are candle stands attached to the wall.
This image consists of a dining table. On which there are fruits and glasses filled with juice. And we can see a flower vase. And there are four chairs around the table. In the background, we can see frames on the wall.
In this picture in the center there is a bed, on the bed there are pillows. On the right side there is chest of drawers and on the top of the chest of drawers there is a light lamp. On the wall there are frames. On the left side there is a curtain and there is a table and on the table there are objects and there is a lamp.
In this picture it looks like a kitchen, I can see a gas stove, an oven and those are looking like bottles, few cups and few items on the counter top. I can see the wash basin on the left side and cupboards to the wall on the right side. I can see a door in the back, it looks like a refrigerator in the back and I can see the floor.
This is a blurred picture. In this picture we can see vehicles on the road. We can see boards, poles, trees and a bridge. In the background there are clouds in the sky.
In this image there are a group of tables, chairs, and on the tables there are clothes, glasses, flowers, bowls, spoons, kerchiefs, and some objects. And in the background there are some vessels on the wall, plants, flower pots, candles and on the left side there is a window. At the top there is ceiling.
In the foreground of the picture we can see casino, name plates, coins on a table. In the middle of the picture we can see chairs and various objects. In the background we can see curtain and other objects.
In this picture I can observe corridor in the middle of the picture. On either sides of the corridor I can observe lights fixed to the walls. In the background there is a door.
In this image, we can see monitor, laptop, table lamp and few objects are placed on the floor. In the background, we can see the wall, glass windows and handles. On the glasses, we can see few reflections.
This image consists of a room in which we can see a table on which there are wine glasses. On the left, we can see a violin kept on the chair. In the front, there are cupboards made up of wood. On the left, there is a frame on the wall. And we can see a potted plant in this image. On the right, there is a piano.
This picture seems to be clicked inside the room and we can see the chairs and the table. In the background we can see the curtain and we can see some other items.
In this image we can see a group of cars parked on the road. On the left side of the image we can see a person standing on the ground, group of poles, trees and the grass. On the right side of the image we can see some people, a group of buildings with windows. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
in the image, inside a vehicle there are few people sitting on the seats. And also there are glass windows and curtains. Through the glass windows we can see buildings.
In the image it looks like a salon there are chairs, mirrors and different equipment. There are two people visible in the picture and they are doing some work, in the background there is a wall.
In this image we can see pavement, plants, trees, a cart and buildings. At the top of the image, we can see the sky.
This is a picture of a washroom in the image on the left side there is a bathtub, pole and tap. On the right side there is a toilet and wash basin and tap, and there is wall, flowers and some bottles and there is wall and mirror. On the left side there is a white color curtain and it looks like there are windows, at the bottom there is a floor and we could see some lights.
In this picture I can see water, few plants. I can see trees in the back, a pole, it looks like a trolley cart and it looks like a wooden bridge in the back and I can see the sky and I can see the blurry background.
In this image there is a table, around the table there are chairs, on either side of the cars there are pillars and statues, plants, at the top there is a roof, near the chair there is a fan, behind the chair there is a wall.
In this image I can see some vehicles on the road. In the background, I can see the buildings and clouds in the sky.
In this image on the left side there are some cars, trees, railing, wall and hoarding, poles, lights, wires, and in the center there are some trees and wall. And on the right side also there is a railing, trees, pole and light. At the bottom there is road and at the top there is sky.
At the bottom of the image there are trees. Behind the trees there is a tower with clocks, poles and roofs. Behind the tower there is sky with clouds.
In this image we can see the house with the glass windows and there is one door, near that there are a few plants and trees, we can see the grass, at the top we can see the sky.
In this image I can see few persons standing in a queue. There is some text in middle of the image. I can see a television.
In the foreground, I can see a metal object with some text on the road. In the background, I can see a person wearing specs is holding a camera in hand is inside a metal hole.
In this image we can see people are sitting on the benches. Here we can see a bag, bottle, poles, water, vehicles, trees, buildings, and boats. In the background there is sky.
In this image there are pillars, and some paintings on the wall. On the pillars also there is some painting, and in the background there is a door, pillars, and painting. At the top there is ceiling and some art is there, at the bottom there is floor.
In this picture we can see a building which is tall with glass windows and beside there is fencing on wall, top there is blue sky.
In the image we can see the tent and the table. Here we can see the grass, trees, sky and the image is slightly blurred.
In the given image i can see a grass,plants,trees,mountains and in the background i can see the sky.
In this image we can see the trees with the snow, at the top we can see the sky.
In this picture we can see a building along the roadside. The building has windows and shutters.
In this image, I can see a group of people standing and a person sitting on a chair. On the right side of the image, there are lights, mirrors and cosmetics on the tables. On the left side of the image, I can see the bags, few objects and a person standing on the carpet.
In this pictures there are empty chairs and there are tables, on the tables there are objects. On the right side there are frames on the wall. On the left side there is a door and there are windows and there are flowers in the pot. In the background there is a window. In front of the window there is a flower pot, behind the window there are trees and there's grass on the ground. In the front on the floor there is a mat and there is an object which is white in colour.
In the picture we can see inside view of the bed room with a bed and on it we can see two pillows and beside the bed we can see a part of the carpet on the floor which is designed.
The picture is clicked outside. In the foreground we can see the concrete road. In the center we can see the building, trees, stairs and some other items. In the background we can see the sky.
This picture is clicked outside. In the foreground we can see the green grass. In the center we can see the chairs, plants and some other items and we can see the houses. In the background we can see the trees.
In this image we can see trees, houses, snow, mountains and sky.
This picture is clicked inside the room. In the foreground we can see a wooden object seems to be the table. On the left corner we can see the refrigerator and we can see the electronic devices and the knife stand containing knives and we can see the kettle and some other items are placed on the top of the kitchen platform. At the top we can see the wall, wooden cabinets, microwave oven and in the center we can see a white color object seems to be the stove. On the right corner we can see the wash basin and some other items.
On the right side of the image we can see a chair, table and photograph. In the middle of the image we can see a bed, a teddy, a bag, a window from that window, we can see some houses. On the left side of the image we can see shell on which teddies are placed and pink color shoes are there on the floor.
In this picture there is a woman standing and holding the ball and there is a woman standing. At the back there are group of people sitting on the chairs and there are objects on the table and there are balls on the table and there are boards on the wall and there is a frame and air conditioner on the wall. At the bottom there is a floor.
This image is taken indoors. At the top of the image there is a roof. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. In the background there is a wall with two windows. In the middle of the image there is a kitchen platform with many things on it. There are a few plants in the pots. There are a few cupboards. There are many cupboards with a few things.
This is an inside view of a room. In the middle of the image there is a bed on which pillows and bed-sheets are placed. In the background there is a frame attached to the wall. On the right and left side of the image there are windows along with the curtains. On both sides of the bed there are two tables on which few objects are placed.
In this image I can see number of people are standing on the road. On the both sides of the road I can see number of buildings, clothes and stores. On the right side of the image I can see few boards, few baskets and few other stuffs. I can also see a watermark on the bottom right side and I can see this image is little bit blurry.
In the image there is a machine and behind the machine there is a brick wall.
Here we can see many vehicles on the road. On either side of the road we have tall buildings. Here the sky is blue.
In this image I can see the swimming pool and the metal handles. I can also see the flower pots. In the background I can see the railing, planter, many trees, buildings and the sky.
This picture is clicked outside the city. At the bottom, we see the road. In the middle, we see a vehicle is moving on the road. On either side of the road, we see the vehicles are parked on the road. On the right side, we see a building in white color. Beside that, we see a man is walking on the road. On the left side, we see the buildings, pillars, trees and a board in white color. There are buildings, trees and the vehicles in the background. At the top, we see the sky.
In this image, in the middle there is one person standing under the waterfall.
In the middle of the image we can see a man, beside him we can see a chair and painting on the wall.
It looks like a shed, in this image in the center there are horses which are black in color and there are some wooden objects, poles and there is one person who is standing and she is doing something. And also there is a chain on the left side and there are objects and we could see a wall, at the bottom there is floor. And on the right side also there are objects, and in the background there is a vehicle and there are poles, wall. At the top there is ceiling and we could see roof, poles.
In this picture we can see the machines, trolleys, wheels, rods. In the background of the image we can see the wall. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor.
In this image there are a few tables and chairs are arranged. On the chair there are a few people sitting. On the tables there are two objects, on the right side of the image there is a lamp and few flower pots on the table, above that there is an another rack on which there is a plant and a few other objects, beside that there is another plant, beside the plant there is a door and there is a painting, beneath that there is a frame hanging on the wall, beside that there is a glass window through which we can see there are trees and there are a few plants hanging on the wall.
In this image in the center there are some houses, poles and some objects, and at the bottom there is sand and one person is holding cycle and walking. And in the background there are mountains.
In the middle of the picture, we see a toilet seat, cistern and a tissue roll. Beside that, we see a cupboard, tap and a washbasin. Behind that, we see a wall. We see a wooden cupboard and a mirror. We see a wall and the lights. On the right side, it is black in color. On the left side, we see a wall.
In the given image i can see the inside view of the hotel that includes chairs,tables,plants,metal lamps,reception,floor lights,wooden table,flower pots and some other objects.
In this image we can see an escalator. We can also see a man wearing the glasses. We can see the people walking on the floor and in the background we can see the fence and also the people standing on the path.
In this image we can see there is a building with windows and door, there are many arches, pillars, at the back there is a wall, there is a man walking on the road, he is wearing a suit, there is a white car, sign board on the road.
In this image we can see a bed on the floor containing some cushions and a tray with some cups and a teapot which are placed on it. We can also see the lamps on the cupboards, a table, the mirrors, as decor on a wall, windows and a roof.
In the center of the image we can see lions on the rocks. In the background we can see sky and clouds.
In this picture we can see small shed house made of bamboo. In the front there is a small grass lawn. Behind we can see some tree.
In this image there are tables, buckets, ladder and there are a few other objects. There is a fridge. On top of the fridge there is an oven and some other objects. There is a person sitting. In the background of the image there are photo frames on the wall. On top of the image there are lights. There is a roof supported by metal rods.
In this image we can see a door. In the back there are ladders. Also we can see a wall and trees. On the ceiling we can see wooden pieces.
In this image there is a pavement, on that there are benches and trees, beside the benches there is grassland, in the background there are buildings.
In this image there is a cupboard with some objects on it in the right corner. There is table with crockery and some objects on it, a person in the foreground. There is a wall with some frames, flower vase in the background. There is a light hanging on roof at the top. and there is a floor at the bottom.
In this image, I see water at the bottom and few boats in it. In the background I see few trees, a mountain and a clear sky at the top.
In this image there is a table. On top of it there are computers, speakers and a few other objects. At the bottom of the image there is a CPU. On top of it there is a mouse. There are cables and socket boards on the floor. There is a dustbin. On the right side of the image there is a curtain. On the left side of the image there is some object. In the background of the image there is a wall.
In the image there are three windows, in front of the windows there are curtains and in the foreground there is a sofa, behind the curtains there is a wall.
In this image, I can see the cushions, pillows and a bed sheet on a bed, which is on the floor. Beside the bed, I can see the lamps, a photo frame and few objects on the tables. Behind the bed, there are photo frames attached to the wall. On the left side of the image, I can see a building, iron grilles, chairs and the sky through the glass window. At the bottom left corner of the image, I can see an object.
In this image there is a building in the middle and stair on the left side and the background is the sky.
In this image there is water and we can see cars. In the background there are seeds and trees.
This picture is clicked outside the city. At the bottom, we see the road. On the left side, we see the trees and a building in grey color. In the middle, we see the poles, street lights and the boards in white and blue color. In the middle, we see the cars parked on the road. There are trees, buildings and street lights in the background. At the top, we see the sky and the clouds.
In this picture we can see there are hills, water and smoke.
This image is taken indoors. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. At the top of the image there is a roof. There are two lamps. In the background there are a few walls with windows and a door. There are a few curtains. There are a few picture frames on the walls. On the left side of the image there is a table with a lamp and a flower vase on it. In the middle of the image there is a sofa and there is a couch. There are two tables with lamps on them and there is another table with a few things on it.
In this image, I can see a cloth on a bathtub and there is a hanger attached to the wall. On the right side of the image, I can see a glass door, shower and a tap.
In this image we can see the steps, wall and lights. On the right side of the image there is the wall. On the left side of the there is a wall and other objects. At the bottom of the image there is the floor. At the top of the image there is the ceiling.
This picture is clicked outside. In the center we can see a carousel. On the left we can see the group of people seems to be walking on the pavement. In the background we can see the sky, buildings and many other objects and we can see the sculptures of animals and the pictures of cartoons and we can see the kids on the carousel.
On the right of this picture we can see the vehicles seems to be running on the road. On the left we can see the wall and the lights. At the top of there is a roof.
On the left side of this image, there is a potted plant and a fence. On the right side of this image, there is another potted plant and a fence. In the background, there are paintings, cross, flower vases and other objects.
In this image I can see there are few trees and there is built on the right side and the sky is clear.
This image is taken in a bathroom. In this image we can see a bathtub, flush tank, toilet seat, floor, tiles, curtain, sink and also the tap. We can also see the door on the left.
This picture is clicked inside the room. On the right we can see the bed and we can see the lamps placed on the top of the tables. On the left we can see the chairs and there are some objects hanging on the wall. In the background we can see the windows, window blinds and through the windows we can see the buildings, trees, green grass and some other items. At the top there is a roof and the ceiling lights.
In the picture I can see a building, windows, wires and some other objects. In the background I can see trees and the sky.
In the picture we can see inside view of the ice cream parlor with a desk with glasses and behind it we can see a woman standing and opposite to her we can see another woman standing wearing a hand bag and to the wall we can see three menu boards.
In this image we can see a group of vehicles and some people on the road. We can also see the sign boards with some text on them, the flag to a pole, some trees, poles, some bicycles parked aside, a traffic light and some buildings with windows.
At the bottom of this image, there is a yellow color ribbon attached to the sticks which are inserted into the ground. In the middle of this image, there are two persons riding bikes and jumping. Below them, there is a sliding surface. Beside them, there is a person, standing and watching them. On the right side of this image, there is a wall. On the left side of this image, there is another wall and an object. In the background, there is a building and there are clouds in the sky.
In this image I can see few machines, pipes, wires, wall and few objects.
In this picture we can see a group of people on the road and in the background we can see buildings, sky and some objects.
This image might be taken under the cave. At the bottom of the image we can see the ground. In this image we can see the rocks. There might be a lamp.
In the image we can see there are two women sitting and they are wearing clothes. In front of them, we can see electronic devices and keyboards. Here we can see cable wire, mouse and other objects. Here we can see the desk, shelf and books on the shelf. Here we can see the clock stick to the wall and the window, and out of the window we can see trees.
In this image, we can see vehicles on the road and there are railings, poles, traffic lights, buildings, hydrants and boards. At the top, there are clouds in the sky.
In this image, we can see cupboards, wall, mirror, table, chairs, rod stand and floor. On the left side bottom corner, we can see a bed sheet. On the mirror, we can see few reflections.
In this image I can see few vehicles and I can also see an aircraft in white and green color. In the background I can see few buildings and the sky is in blue and white color.
In this picture we can see a building, windows, door, pillars, railing. In the background of the image we can see the grass, plants, flowers, pole, light. In the bottom right corner we can see a person's hand. At the bottom of the image we can see the ground, path. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
In this image there are hats on the stand and on a table, beside them there are some other objects on the floor, behind them there are photo frames on the walls, at the bottom of the image there is some text.
In this image I can see in the middle there is a swimming pool. In the background there are trees, at the top there is the sky, on the left side it looks like a building.
In this picture looks like a fort. I can see the fence, few trees, it looks like grass on the ground and I can see the clouds in the sky.
In this image I can see a wall. At the bottom, I can see the floor.
In this image I can see few people and I can also see a man holding some items in his hand, road, cars, pavement, some objects, sign boards, traffic lights, light poles, wall, windows, glasses, tree trunks, tree branches, trees and in the background I can see buildings, boards with text on them and sky.
This image consists of buildings on which there are screens. At the bottom, we can see many persons and cars on the road. At the top, there is sky. At the bottom, there is a road.
In this picture there are dresses hanging on the rod. In the foreground there are boards and there is a cup on the table and there is text on the table. At the back there might be pipe on the wall. At the bottom there is a floor.
In the foreground it is road. In the middle we can see a building with chairs, windows, posters, light and a board.
In this image, there are houses, trees, a street light and a road. In the background, there is the sky.
In this picture we can see hay and few trees.
In this image, we can see a bed in front of the wall. There is a lamp in the middle of the image. There is a drawer table on the right side of the image.
In this image I can see few bottles arranged in the racks.
In this image there are many trees here and there. There is also water and reflection of trees on the water. In the background there is sky.
In this image I can see there is a reception desk, there is a wall on the left with some text on it and few lights attached to the ceiling. On the right there is a glass door, there is a flag and two vehicles visible.
In this picture we can see a wrestling ring in the middle, on the left side there is a ladder, in the background there are some chairs, we can see lights and metal rods at the top of the picture.
In the center of the image we can see a bridge, boards, lights. In the background of the image we can see a house, windows, poles, lights, boards, vehicles, road, railing. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky with clouds. In the middle of the image there is a building with walls, windows, a door and a roof. There are many trees and plants with leaves, stems and branches.
In this picture, we see the washing machines in red color. We see the numbers written on top of each washing machine. At the bottom, we see the floor. In the background, we see a white wall on which the white boards are placed. We see some text written on the boards.
In this image there is a man walking on a footpath and there is a car moving on a road, on either side of the road there is are trees and poles in the background there are buildings.
In this picture I can see 2 cars and a scooter parked on the path in front. I can also see a pole and wires. In the background, I can see the buildings, trees, a man and the boards on which there are words written.
In this image, I see few cars parked on the road with couple of poles and boards placed in front of them and I see a woman walking on the footpath, behind her I see few wooden doors and I also see a store with a mannequin and a board with some text written at the top. In the background I see couple of buildings, on a building I see couple of flags, steel railing and a lamp.
In this picture I can see a building, few trees. I can see the plants on the left side, grass on the ground and a hill in the back. I can see the clouds in the sky.
This image consists of two persons walking. It looks like a subway. On the left and right, there are metal rods. At the top, there is a board. At the bottom, there is a floor.
In this image there is a house. In front of the house there is a wooden fence. There is some metal object. At the bottom of the image there is grass on the surface. On the right side of the image there is a stone structure. There is a barbed fence. In the background of the image there are trees, towers, mountains. At the top of the image there is sky.
In this picture we can see pigs, stones, container and wooden fence. In the background of the image we can see grass and fence.
In this image I can see two couches and I can also see few pillows and few objects on the couch. In the background I can see the window and few plants in green color.
In this picture we can see the bollards and a woman wearing a bag visible on the ground. We can see a combined ladder and a person on another ladder visible on the left side. We can see the boards with text and numbers. We can see the architecture. On this architecture, we can see the glass windows, railings, boards and a few things. We can see the mannequins with dresses and some objects in the architecture. We can see the lights, other things and the sky in the top left.
In this image we can see people standing. In the background of the image there is wall. There are doors. There are screens on the wall. To the right side of the image there are papers. At the top of the image there is ceiling with lights.
In this image I can see in the middle there are pillows on a bed, on the right side it looks like a door.
In this image we can see the cars on the road. And buildings on either side of the road. And we can see the clouds in the sky.
In this image, we can see some buildings.
In the foreground, I can see a person wearing specs, a cap and carrying a bag is holding some object in hand. And I can see different types of fruits in boxes kept on some objects. And I can see some text on boards. In the background, I can see a group of people standing on the floor. And few of them are holding some objects in hand. And I can see lights on a rooftop, pillars, some papers on ropes. And I can see fruits, a symbol and some objects.
In this picture I can observe bed in the middle of the picture. There are some pillars on the bed. On the left side I can observe lamp placed on the stool. In the background I can observe photo frame on the wall.
In this image in the front there is a wash basin and in the center there is a commode on the commode there is a flush tank and on the top of the flush tank there are papers. On the right side there is a bathtub and on the wall there is a shower and there are taps and there is a curtain and on the wall there is an object which is white in colour and there is a table which is white in colour.
In the picture we can see inside view of the cloth store with a desk in the middle of the store and around it we can see racks with clothes are hanged and far away from it we can see a man and a woman standing and man is tying something to the woman neck and behind them we can see a part of the plant and near it we can see a photo frame.
In this image there are people wearing costume they are standing on the objects. Left side there is a woman standing on the land. Behind her there is a fence. Behind it there are people standing on the land. Background there are buildings. Behind there is a river. Right side there is a person standing on the land. Top of the image there is sky.
In this picture it looks like a tower, those are looking like metal containers, it looks like a building. I can see few metal beams and I can see the text on the container and the blue sky. It looks like a road at the bottom.
This image is clicked inside the building. In the front, we can see many chairs. At the top, there is a roof and we can see the lights. In the background, there are windows. And it looks like there is a piano. In the middle, there is a dais. On the left and right, there are windows.
In this image we can see a chair, couch. There are objects in shelves. There is a TV. There is a fireplace. At the bottom of the image there is carpet. To the right side of the image there is a plant on the table. There is a photo frame on the wall. To the left side of the image there is a window. There is a lamp on the table. At the top of the image there is ceiling.
In the foreground of this image, there are machine games on the floor and also we can see toys and the screen on the wall. At the top, there are lights to the ceiling.
In the foreground we can see bed, lamps, table and wall. In the background there are desk, flowers, light, mirror and wall.
This image is taken inside a house. In the foreground, I can see a dining table with a flower vase, food items in plates and in vessels and I can see glasses, candles and some objects. And I can see empty chairs and other things on the floor. In the background, I can see a chandelier hanging on a rooftop. And I can see doors, a depiction on a wall. And I can see a stand, a table with a flower vase and some objects.
In this image, we can see buildings, trees, poles and some other objects. There is a flag. At the top, there is sky.
In this picture we can see a corridor. On the left and right side of the corridor, there are door. At the top of the image, there are ceiling lights and a red object. On the right side of the image, there is an object.
In this image we can see a woman standing on the floor. We can also see some statues, a table with some text on it, a board, some candles with flame placed on the stands, poles and the flower vases.
In this picture I can see a bed with blankets and pillows, there is a frame attached to the wall, there is a lamp and there are some objects on the table and there is a window.
This image consists of a washroom. In the front, we can see a toilet. On the left, there is a glass door and we can see a shower. At the top, there is a roof and we can see the lights. On the right, there is a mirror and a wash basin. At the bottom right, we can see the cupboards. On the left, there is a wall. At the bottom, there is floor.
In this picture there is a road in the middle and on the left side there are car parked. And background is the sky.
In this picture it looks like a building on the left side and I can see the blue sky.
This picture is clicked inside the room. In the foreground we can see the ground and an object which seems to be the television is hanging on the wall and we can see the door. At the top there is a roof and the light. In the background we can see the green grass, television and the wall and some other items.
In this image there is a road and vehicle are moving on. There is a dustbin on the left side bottom. There is a signal pole on the left side. On the right side there is a building and there the trees. There is a person on the left side.
In this picture I can see the photo frame on the wall. I can see the curtain on the left side. I can see the bed in the foreground. I can see the pillows. I can see the wooden table on the right side. It is looking like a light.
In this image I can see a table, few chairs and on the table I can see few plates, few cups, few candles and other stuffs. In the background I can see few curtains, a sculpture, a plant, railing and a painting on the wall. On the top side of this image I can see a light and a candle chandelier on the ceiling. I can also see few trees through the doors and on the bottom left side of the image I can see a watermark. I can also see few carpets on the floor.
In this image in the center there are persons standing and walking on the road. In the background there is a cave and in the front there is some number written on it.
In this image we can see a person holding the tray. We can also see the tables, bottles, vessel and also the food items. We can also see the racks, window and also the walls.
In this picture we can see a corridor area with lights on the ceiling. Here we can see a printing machine, many desks with computer systems and chairs.
In this image in the center there are buildings, windows and pillars. At the bottom there is walkway and some grass, at the top there is sky.
In this image, we can see some trees. There is a fort in the middle of the image. There is a sky at the top of the image.
This picture is clicked inside the room. On the left side, we see the sofa chair and a sofa. At the bottom, we see a black chair. Beside that, we see a table on which books and a plant pot are placed. Beside that, we see a table on which a television, audio player and a white color object are placed. In the background, we see a white wall on which the photo frames are placed or it might be the windows from which we can see the trees and the picket fence.
In the image I can see two persons are standing and holding objects. In the background I can see clothes.
This is an outside view. At the bottom there is a road and I can see few people are walking on the footpath. On both sides of the road there are many buildings, plants and poles. At the top of the image I can see the sky.
In this picture we can see a bed frame with a bed, pillows and a blanket. On the cupboards we can see bed lamps, house plants and objects. We can see a designed clock on a cupboard. At the top of the image we can see a fan with lights and ceiling. We can see windows and a blue curtain. We can see chairs with cushions on the floor. We can see a house plant and a lamp behind a chair. Through the windows we can see trees.
In this picture I can see the kitchen I can see a micro oven, a refrigerator, few photo frames placed on the wall, utensils and there are few cupboards on the right and I can see there are few electronic devices, there is a rocking chair in the foreground of the image and a door visible on the right side and a few other objects visible, there is a light attached to the ceiling.
In the foreground of the image we can see grass, an object and a car. In the middle of the image we can see building with brick blocks, white color windows and a door. On the top of the image we can see the sky.
In the picture we can see the cylindrical shape tanks and on the top of it, we can see a railing around it and near to it, we can see the steps and railing and a person standing on it and near to it, we can see a grass surface and on the top of the tank we can see a part of the sky with clouds.
In this image, there are vehicles and a person who is cycling on a road. On both sides of this road, there are poles, a footpath and buildings. On the right side of this image, there are persons and a signboard on the footpath. In the background, there are buildings, trees and the sky.
In this picture I can see a bed with a blanket and pillows, there is a bench, table, there are chairs, lamps, there is a house plant, there are doors, curtains. Through the doors I can see trees, hill and there is the sky.
In the image there are many people sitting in front of the tables and they are paying attention towards something, in front of them there is a man and he is explaining. On the left side there are blinds in front of the window and there are many lights and a projector attached the roof of the room.
In this picture I can see a building and a metal fence and I can see trees and a cloudy sky and I can see text at the bottom left corner of the picture.
In this image we can see the inside view of a vehicle where we can see the seats, steering and glass windows. Behind the window, we can see greenery and vehicles on the road.
On the left side of the image I can see cupboard with mirror. In the middle of the image I can see a bed with pillows. In the background, I can see a window with curtains and some other objects.
In this picture I can see the plants and they are cultivated and in the background, I can see there is a metal scaffolding attached to the ceiling.
This picture is clicked inside the room. On the right we can see the stove and bottles, jars and some other items placed on the kitchen platform and we can see the wooden cabinets. On the left we can see the wash basin, bottles and some other items and we can see the wall sockets, fire extinguisher. In the background we can see the window, window blind and some other items and through the window we can see the buildings and the green leaves and some other objects.
In the image it looks like a store and above the store there is a building, there are beautiful plants on the top of the store.
In this image I can see the floor, the brown colored table, a chair and the white colored bed. I can see the cream colored wall, a frame attached to the wall, two curtains and the window through which I can see another building.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky. In the middle of the image there is a building with walls, windows and a roof. There are a few carvings on the wall.
In this image we can see cot, pillows, towels on the cot, table lamps on the cabinets, flower vases, sofa set and door mats on the floor.
This picture is clicked inside the room. On the right side, we see a table on which a lamp is placed. Beside that, we see the sofa chairs and the cushions. In the middle, we see a sofa table. Behind the chairs, we see a wall and the glass window from which we can see the trees. Beside that, we see a lamp and a white wall on which a photo frame is placed. On the left side, we see the fireplace and a basket. We see a shelf on which a shield, toy and some objects are placed.
In the center of the image there is a table and we can see vessels, book and an object placed on the table. There are curtains and we can see countertops. There are some objects placed on the countertops. We can see a stand and there are books placed on the stand. There are vessels. In the background there is a wall and we can see decors placed on the wall. There are lights and we can see windows. There is a television.
In this image I can see three beds. I can see three chairs and a table. There is a photo frame on the wall. There are two lamps.
In this image we can see stools, chairs, tables, stand and furniture. In the background, we can see a big frame on the wall. We can see lamps and objects in the middle of the image. At the top of the image, we can see a chandelier. On the left side of the image, we can see some boxes on the floor and some objects on the table. We can see a window on the left side of the image. Behind the window, we can see greenery. At the bottom of the image, we can see the floor.
In the foreground, I can see some text on a board and I can see houseplants, signboards, traffic lights, light poles, fleets of vehicles, some objects and people on the road. In the background, I can the trees, grass, buildings and the sky and I can see a tree trunk.
In the picture we can see a path with tiles and beside it we can see a railing and around the path we can see a poles shed.
This picture is clicked outside. In the foreground we can see the green grass, plants and some other items. In the center we can see the house and a spire. In the background we can see the trees and the sky. This picture seems to be an edited image with the borders.
In this image I can able to see buildings,windows, also there are flags, iron fencing,pillars, sign boards, name boards, people, vehicles on the road and a light. Also in background there is sky.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is sky. At the bottom of the image there is a sidewalk. There is a road. On the left side of the image we can see the buildings. There is an object. On the right side of the image there are many buildings. Few people are walking on the sidewalk. In the middle of the image few vehicles are moving on the road. A person is riding on the bicycle. There is a car. Few people are walking on the side. There is a tree.
In this picture I can see an interior view of a washroom, there is a bathtub on the left table and chair on the right side, mirror and washbasin visible in the background.
This is a aerial view. In this image we can see buildings and trees.
In this image we can see floor, chairs, pillow, table, monitor, door, wall, frame, window, curtain, and other objects.
This is the picture of a room. In the foreground there is a table and there are balls on the table and there is a man standing behind the table and holding the object and there is another man standing. At the back there are doors and there are boards on the wall and there is text on the boards and there are curtains. At the top there are lights. At the bottom there is a mat. On the right side of the image behind the mirror there is a staircase.
This image is taken indoors. At the bottom of the image there is a mat on the floor. In the background we can see the wall. There is a door. There are two picture frames on the wall. On the left side of the image we can see the dressing table with a mirror. There are few objects on the table. On the right side of the image there is a table. There might be a lamp on the table. There is a bed.
In the image there is a toilet seat, behind that there is a small pot kept on the marble floor, on the left side there is a sink. In the background there are tiles and there is some object attached to the tiles.
This image consists of vehicles on the road. At the bottom, there is a road. On the right, we can see a pavement and a fencing. On the left and right, there are trees. At the top, there are clouds in the sky. And the image is blurred.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky with clouds. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. In the background there are many poles with wires. In the middle of the image a few people are walking on the floor. There are many safety cones on the floor. There are a few objects. There is a pool with a light. A few vehicles are parked on the floor and there is an object.
In the center of the image we can see a lady is standing and holding the sticks. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor, mat, stand, table, basket and skeleton. In the background of the image we can see the wall, window, air conditioner, door and pipes.
In this image we can see the people walking on the path. We can also see the building, lights, hoardings, banners, some informational board and also the glass doors and through the glass doors we can see the people and also a car on the road.
In the foreground of this image, there is an object in the right bottom corner and also we can see drawers, cloth, frame, sinks, mirrors, few objects, frame, glass wall and the ceiling.
This is an outside view. In the middle of the image, I can see the stairs and hand railings. Here I can see two persons are standing and one woman is sitting. At the bottom, I can see the ground. In the background there are many trees and buildings.
In this image there is a door in the right corner. There are tables with some objects on it and some frames on wall, door in the foreground. There is a wall in the background. There is a floor at the bottom. And there are light on roof at the top.
In this picture we can see river and in between there is road path to walk which is made up of wooden, beside there are plants, other side of that river there are big trees, top there is sky.
In this image, we can see screens with maps, light effects and there is text. At the bottom, there are people, chairs, monitors and there are lights.
In this image we can see a bowl of food items. We can also see the shells and the image is blurred.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is sky. At the bottom of the image we can see the grass on the ground. We can see the text. In the middle of the image there are many plants and trees. We can see the rocks and hills.
In the image I can see the view of a waterfalls and also I can see some rocks, trees and plants.
In this image we can see floor, windows, wall, lights, and other objects.
In this image we can see many tables and chairs. On the table we can see flower vases. On the one of the table we can see two persons sitting. In the background we can see persons, glass windows, door, ventilators, photo frame, shacks, trees and sky.
This picture seems to be clicked inside the house. In the foreground we can see the ground and there are some objects lying on the ground. On both the sides we can see the walls. At the top there is a roof. In the background we can see the stairway and some other items.
In this image at the bottom there are some vehicles on the floor, and at the bottom there is floor and there is a tree in the background and buildings. And we could see windows and some pipes and on the right side it looks like there is a wall, pole and boards and objects which are not clear and there are some plants.
At the bottom of the image I can see the road. In the middle of the image I can see the road. In the background, I can see groups of trees and buildings.
In this image I can see a bridge in the center. There are fences on the either sides. There is a wooden roof and there are trees at the back.
In the foreground of this image, there is road, few vehicles, poles and buildings. On the left, there is a man walking on the road, pole, a vehicle, greenery, buildings and the sky.
In the picture I can see mountains. In the background I can see the sky.
In this image there is a bed with pillows and there is a table with some design of a butterfly and lizard on it, beside the bed there is a lamp on the other table. On the right side of the image there is a curtain hanging from the wall.
This is the picture of a room. In the foreground there is a door and there is a switch board on the wall. At the back there is a wash basin and there is a tap and there are objects on the wash basin. At the bottom there is a stool and there are mars and at the back there is a mirror and there is a reflection of window and curtain on the mirror. On the right side of the image there is a curtain and there is a shower and tap on the wall.
In this image there are tables, on that tables there are mugs, in that there are colors and a stand, on that there are sheets, people are sitting on chairs and painting on sheets, in the background there is a wall for that wall there is a painting.
In this picture we can see three small beds, beside there is table fan, in front there is mirror and there are some photo frames placed on wall, there are glass windows with curtains and outside we can see trees.
In this picture we can see few people, two are sitting on the chairs, in the background we can see a light and few bottles in the racks, also we can find few frames on the wall.
In this image I can see few items stick on the wall. I can see a table. I can see some design on the floor. I can see few chairs and a small house. I can see few objects in a box. At the top I can see lights hanged to the ceiling.
In this image we can see chairs, tables and windows. Behind the windows, we can see buildings, poles, trees, cars on the road and the sky.
In this image there are chairs and we can see a counter table. There are some objects placed on the counter table. At the top there are lights and we can see boards. There is a shelf and we can see bottles placed in the shelf.
In this picture I can see chairs and a book on the table and looks like a bed on the right side and I can see blinds to the glass window from the glass I can see trees and a light hanging.
In this image we can see a corridor and there are doors. We can see boards. On the right there is a fire extinguisher. At the top there are lights.
In this image we can see a bathroom and the walls of the bathroom are in blue color and on the top there is a small wooden window and here we can see a white color commode and a white color water container and beside the commode there is a small bucket is on the floor and the floor is in grey color and on the wall there is a handle and on the handle there is a blue and white color towel and on the right hand side we can see a blue color curtain is attached to a iron and on the curtain there are some designs and in the front we can see a wooden object also.
In this image I can see the snow. On the left side I can see a man on the snow. In the background, I can see the hill.
In this image there are two beds, on the beds there are blankets and pillows and on the right side and left side there are cupboards. And in the center there is a mirror, plant and on the right side there is a photo frame. At the top there are some wooden poles, lights and at the bottom there is floor and carpet.
In this image we can see a building with windows. We can also see some pipes, the metal frames, plants, towers, poles, a person and a vehicle on the ground. We can also see the sky which looks cloudy.
In this picture I can observe some people standing in the middle of the picture. I can observe some snow on the land. In the background there are trees, hills and some clouds in the sky.
In this image there is a couch on the right side and near this couch there are two people playing snooker.
At the bottom of this image, there is ground. On this ground, we can see there is a pole. In the background, there are fences, green color wall, steps, furniture and other objects and there is the sky.
In this image we can see the machines, cupboard and floor. There is a door on the left side of the image. In the background, we can see a window. Behind the window, we can see greenery.
This image consists of food items kept in the trays and baskets along with price boards on which we can see the text. These all are kept in the racks.
In this image, there are laptops, documents, a cap, a mouse and other objects arranged on a wooden table. Beside this table, there are telephone, a chair, a wall and other objects. On the right side of this image, there is a board attached to a white wall and there is an object. In the background, there is a shutter.
In this image, we can see there is a kitchen room. In this kitchen room, we can see there are cupboards, a fridge, ovens, a table, doors, light, window, a wall and other objects.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky. At the bottom of the image there is a road. In the middle of the image there are a few buildings. There are a few plants. Many people are walking on the road and a few are standing.
In this image I can see a sofa. There are few chairs and a table. There is a television. On the left side there are few cupboards. On the right side there is a flower vase on the table.
In this image we can see grass on the ground, trees, plants, dustbin, path, objects and the sky.
In the image, we can see buildings. Behind those buildings there is sky with clouds. On the left side of the image there are stems with leaves.
In this image we can see books in a bookshelf. At the bottom of the image there is floor.
This is inside view of a room. We can see a person and there are monitors, telephone and objects on a platform. Through the glasses we can see planes on the road, buildings, trees, mountains and sky.
In this image we can see a chair. At the bottom of the image there is a wooden flooring. There is a plant. In the background of the image there is wall. There are windows. At the top of the image there is ceiling.
In this picture in the foreground this is the main gate and this all made up the wood.
In the foreground of this image, there is a woman sitting on the couch on the right and we can also see few mirrors on the left. In the background, there are lamps, boards, a desk, lights, wall, ceiling and few people sitting and standing.
In this picture we can see the water with reflections. We can see an object on the left side. We can see the path on the right side. We can see the grass on the ground. We can see the plants and trees in the background.
This image is taken indoors. At the top of the image there is a roof. At the bottom of the image there is a floor and there is a bed. On the left side of the image there is a shelf with two toys and a frame on it. There is a dress on the hanger. In the background there is a wall. On the right side of the image there is a television on the table. There is a board with a text on it. In the middle of the image there is a fan. There is a wardrobe and there is a cupboard with many books and a few things.
In this image I can see the grass, many trees and the building. In the background I can see the blue sky.
In this picture I can see buildings, vehicles on the left and right side. I can see the boards. I can see the text. I can see the sky at the top.
In this image we can see a cot and a bed. In the cot, we can see pillows. On the bed, we can see bed sheet. There is a carpet on the floor. In the background, we can see curtains, wall and a table. On the table, we can see a lamp and an object.
In this picture we can see the benches, stools, wooden objects and a few things on the floor. We can see the boards with text, boxes, walls and glass windows. We can see some objects on a table. Through these glass windows, we can see an architecture and the sky in the background.
In this image, we can see sheds, boards with text and there is a fence. We can see a bin and there are some objects in it. At the top, there is sky. At the bottom, there is a road.
In this picture at the bottom this is the gate and in the middle there are many light bulbs, and window present.
In this image we can see chairs around the tables. On the table we can see some objects. In the background we can see screen, board, televisions, stands and wall. At the top we can see projector and lights.
In this image we can see buildings with windows. In the foreground we can see a bridge, wooden poles and some plants. On the left side of the image we can see some trees and hills. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
In the foreground of this image, there are many ships on the water and we can also see many vehicles on the road, few buildings and the trees at the top.
In this image I can see a stove, utensils and food items. There are chairs and table at the back. There is a plant and a window at the back. There are cabinets, glass bottle and wine glasses on the left.
This image is taken indoors. At the bottom of the image there is a mat on the floor. At the top of the image there is a curtain. There are two tables with a few things on them. In the middle of the image there is a table with a tablecloth, three plates, a bowl of food and two glasses of wine on it.
In this picture, In the middle this is the street and on the left side there are some pole and also there are some house on the right side.
In this image I can see the brown colored floor, the brown colored table and few chairs around the table. On the table I can see a flower vase with few flowers in it. I can see the wall, a table with few glasses on it, a black colored pillar, few lights, few photo frames and a mirror attached to the wall. I can see the ceiling and a chandelier to the ceiling.
In this picture, it looks like an auditorium. There are groups of people sitting on chairs and some people are standing on the floor. On the right side of the image, there is a grand piano, curtain and an object. At the top of the image, there are lights.
Here we can see a land with bushes, trees and mountains on it. The sky is blue.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky. At the bottom of the image there is a road. In the background there are many buildings and skyscrapers. There are a few trees and plants. There is a board with a text on it. In the middle of the image many vehicles are moving on the road.
In this image I can see inside view of some room and I can also see sofa, carpet, floor, chairs, table, flower vase, pot with plant, curtains, door, mirror, frame, fireplace, candles with candle stands and designer wall and the background is white.
This image is taken from inside. In this image there are a few paintings are hanging on the wall, in the middle of them there is a window. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. At the top of the image there is a ceiling with lights.
In this picture we can see toys on the tables, mat on the floor, couch, painting on the wall, books and object on shelves, glass windows and wall. At the top of the image we can see light and ceiling. In the top right side of the image we can see television.
In this image, I see group of people walking in front of a sculptured building, I see few plants in front of it. In the background I see another house and a clear sky at the top.
In this picture I can see the inside view of a room, where I can see pillows on a bed and I can see 2 lamps. In the background, I can see 3 chairs, few flower bouquets and 2 photo frames on the wall. I can also see the curtains and a window.
In this image in the center there is a tower, and there is a water tank. At the bottom there are some trees, plants, boards, buildings, pole, street light and at the top there is sky.
On the right side of the image we can see person standing at the grill and meat. On the left side of the image we can see a person chairs under umbrella. In the background we can see trees and plants.
In this image, I see few plants at the bottom and a concrete tower with a wind fan on it. In the background I see few people sitting and few others standing with a clear sky at the top.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the grass and a vehicle in red and black color. We see a child is on the vehicle. In the middle, we see an airplane is on the runway. The airplane is in white and blue color. We see the text written on it and a person is in the airplane. There are trees, grass and the hills in the background. At the top, we see the sky and the clouds.
This image consists of buildings, water, houses, trees and the sky. This image is taken may be during a day.
This picture looks like a nursery and I can see plants with flowers in the pots.
This is a picture of a room, in this image in the center there are windows and through the windows we could see door, wall. And on the right side of the image there are some sticks, knives, sword and there is a flag. At the top there are lights and at the bottom there is floor.
In this image we can see a house, door. There are trees. At the bottom of the image there is soil.
In this picture I can see the road and a watch tower in front. In the background, I can see the buildings, a car, number of trees and the clear sky.
In this image, there are cupboards, stove, microwave oven, sink and few more objects on the slab. On the left, there is a refrigerator and a poster. At the top, there are cupboards and lights to the ceiling.
In this picture I can see on the left side it looks like there are clothes and books, at the top there are lights.
In this image we can see there are pillows on the bed. There are frames on the wall. There are curtains. There are glass windows. Through the glass window we can see a building and a car.
In this image there is a counter table and we can see a sink, micro oven, bowl, basket, stove and some vessels placed on the counter table. In the background there is a wall and we can see a window.
In this image we can see two people standing. In the background of the image there are houses. To the right side of the image there are plants. There is a fencing.
In the foreground we can see grass, hand railing and staircase. Towards left there is a building. In the background we can see trees and grass.
In the given image i can see a buildings with windows,electric poles,fence,road and some other objects.
In this image we can see a door, stairs, walls, pillars and house plants.
In this image we can see building. There are windows. In the background of the image there is a mountain with snow, sky. At the bottom of the image there is grass. To the right side of the image there are trees, cars, buildings. To the left side of the image there is a building.
In this image we can see tables and chairs. There is an atm machine on the left side. On that we can see bottles and some objects. On the wall we can see photo frame. Also there is an exit sign board. On the right side we can see door. On the ceiling we can see light and some other objects.
In this image I can see the sink, tap, spoons stand, stove, plates and few objects on the counter-top. I can see the cupboards, stove, table, chairs, refrigerator, lights and the wall.
This image is taken inside a house. In the foreground, I can see a bed with a pillow. And I can see a table with a lamp and some object. And I can see other things on the floor. In the background, I can see wall paintings on walls. And I can see doors and a doormat on the floor. And I can see a curtain on some object in the middle.
In this image we can see a ship on the water and at the bottom we can see an object on a pole. In the background we can see trees, snow on the mountains and sky.
In this picture ,this is the living area and on the left side there is the bed and near this bed one plant is there.
In this image in the foreground there is an oven which is in silver color, and on the oven there are some buttons and we could see text and screen. At the bottom it might be a table and in the background there is wall, on the left side of the image it looks like there is some object which is white in color.
On the right side of the image we can see Curtain, cupboard, lamp and the book. In the middle of the image we can see bed, lamp, photography, window, curtain and switchboard. On the left side of the image we can see door, grass, trees and sand.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky. At the bottom of the image there is a ground with grass on it. In the middle of the image there are many trees and plants with leaves, stems and branches.
In the image there are rocks, grass, plants and trees. In the background there is a water surface, behind the water surface there are mountains.
This picture is clicked outside. In the foreground we can see the green grass and in the center we can see the dogs, net and the house. In the background we can see the sky, trees, house, metal rods and some other items.
In this image we can see vehicles on the road. On the sides we can see buildings. In the background there is sky.
In the picture I can see boats on the water. In the background I can see buildings and the sky.
In this image there are people under the roof having pillars attached to it. They are holding musical instruments. A person is sitting in the chair. Left side there is a vehicle. Bottom of the image there are plants having flowers. Right side there are vehicles on the road. Background there are trees. Top of the image there is sky.
This is a picture with a low pixel quality. In this picture we can see a building with windows. We can see a white pole. We can see grass, plants, trees and in the middle of the image we can see the road.
In this picture I can see few chairs and few water bottles on the tables and I can see photo frames on the walls and I can see a flower vase and a microphone on the another table and I can see a cloth to the table.
In this image in the center it looks like an inflatable train and there are rods around the train, at the bottom there is floor and we could see text. On the right side there is a gate, wall, building and there are some trees. On the left side there is a building, fence, plants, wall, pole, light, plants, flowers and trees and there are some clothes and objects. In the background there towers and flags and at the top there is sky.
In the image there is a road and on the road there are few vehicles, around the road there are trees, people and buildings.
In this image I can see few persons standing on the floor. On either side of the image there are few items in the cupboard. At the top of the image there is some text.
At the bottom of the image there is a road. On the road there are few traffic cones. In the background there are trees and poles with sign boards and street lights. At the top of the image there is sky with clouds.
In this picture I can observe different types of objects placed in the racks and shelves. I can observe lights on the wall. On the left side there is a pillar. In the background there is wall.
In this picture we can see a person, plants on the ground and in the background we can see trees.
In this image at the bottom there is road, grass and pavement and also there are trees and in the center there are groups of vehicles and some of them are walking and there is a pole and traffic signal in the center of the image. And there are some boards and there are containers which are yellow and green in color, and there is a blue color object and also there are other objects. And in the background there are buildings and we could see poles, and at the top there is sky.
In this image I can see the ground, a huge rock and few trees which are green in color. In the background I can see few mountains and the sky.
In this picture we can see a parking area and a book center. Here vehicles are moving on the road.
In this image I can see the inner view of the building. Inside the building I can see the stairs, railing and I can see many lights at the top.
In this image I can see in the middle it looks like children playing equipment, on the right side there are trees. At the top there is the sky, on the left side there are houses.
In this image we can see vehicles on the road. There are trees and electric poles with cables. Also we can see boards with text, which are on the poles. There is a standpipe on the sidewalk. In the back we can see buildings with windows. In the background there is sky.
In this image in the center there is an empty chair. In the background there is a cradle and there are toys hanging, there is a curtain which is white in colour. On the left side there is a wall which is green and white in colour and on the floor there is mat and there are stools and on the top of the stool there is a ball and there is a teddy bear and there are wires.
In this picture I can see a bath area on the right, a toilet seat on the left, a door mat on the floor, there is a wash basin and a napkin visible on the left side.
This is an outside view. At the bottom, I can see the road. In the middle of the image there is a building. In front of this building there are few boards attached to the wall. On the boards, I can see the text and there is a person walking on the footpath towards the right side. On the left side there is a tree, beside there is a dustbin. Here I can see a shutter.
In this image we can see a bed with some pillows on it which is placed on the floor. We can also see a mat, the towels and some objects on a cupboard, a lamp, some books and some objects on a table. We can also see a wall and a curtain.
In this image I can see water and few leaves in the front. In the background I can see number of trees, a house and the sky. I can also see this image is little bit blurry.
In this room we can see a brick wall, a wooden floor with carpet on it. We can see sofas,flower pots and chairs.
In this picture we see an empty room with a trapezium rooftop and a window.
In front of the picture, we see a wash basin, soap and a basket containing white color objects. We see a white tray containing the glass jars and a white jar is placed on the table. At the bottom, we see a toilet seat. In the left bottom, we see a bathtub. In the background, we see a white wall on which a mirror is placed. We see the white towels in the mirror. In the left top, we see a shower. This picture is clicked in the washroom.
In this image on the right side and left side there are some pillars, buildings, and in the center there are two people. At the bottom there is walkway and there is one chair, and at the top of the image there is sky.
In this image we can see people playing games. In the background there is a wall and we can see doors. At the top there are lights. On the right there are monitors.
In this picture there is a vehicle on the road and there are trees and houses and there are poles and there are boards and wires on the poles. At the top there is sky and there are clouds. At the bottom there is a road and there is ground.
In this image we can see people walking on the rope. At the bottom of the image there is water. In the background of the image there are trees.
In this picture I can see the damage buildings in the foreground. It is looking like buildings in the background. I can see the sky at the top.
In this picture we can see the rocks and plants. At the bottom of the image we can see the water and algae.
In this image I can see two persons are standing in the front and I can also see smile on one person's face. In the background I can see number of cardboard, clouds, the sky, plastic covers and few other stuffs. On the bottom side of the image I can see brown colour leaves and the net.
In this image we can see the water in the canal. And we can see the bridge, trees. And we can see some homes. And we can see the clouds in the sky.
In the image, there is a kitchen platform with cupboards, stove, knives and few other things on it. At the top of the image there are few cupboards with few items on it. On the right side of the image there is a potted plant. At the top of the image there is a ceiling.
In this image, I see a stool, few buckets and other objects on the floor and I see a bed with few clothes on it, beside it I see a table with few objects on it. In the background I see a wall.
In the image I can see a wall, stairs, metal gate and an object. In the background, I can see buildings, plants, flowers, windows and trees. On the right side, I can see a current pole. I can see wires. At the top, I can see the sky.
In this image in the center there is a house, and there are some poles and it looks like there is a railing. And at the bottom there is snow, and in the background there are mountains and trees. And at the top of the image there is sky, and in the center it looks like there are other objects.
In this image I can see a lady in t-shirt, short with loose hair and I can also see road, grass, soil, stairs, wall, plants and in the background I can see buildings, glasses, doors, fence, tree trunks, tree branches, trees, leaves and sky.
In this image, there are few photo frames attached to the wall and I can see few photo frames on the floor. At the top right side of the image, I can see the ceiling.
In this picture, it looks like the inside view of a vehicle. A person is lying on an object. Behind the person, there is a curtain. On the right side of the image, there is a red jacket. At the bottom left corner of the image, there is a board.
In this image I can see a cat in some white color box and I can also see western toilet, napkin, holder with toilet paper roll, handle with towel, steel dustbin, washbasin, tap, glass shelf with some cloth and bottles, some wooden object and in the background I can see tile floor and wall.
In this image, we can see a countertop contains some objects. There is a board on the wall. There are drawer tables contains objects. There is a stool and bed at the bottom of the image. There is a wall shelf contains bottles. There is a cupboard on the right side of the image. There is a window on the left side of the image contains curtains. There are lights at the top of the image.
In this picture I can see few cars parked on the path in front. In the middle of this picture, I can see 2 buildings, trees and the plants. In the background, I can see the cloudy sky.
In the given image i can see a trees,sticks,barrels,grass and in the background i can see the sky.
In the image I can see table, chairs and plants. In the background, I can see cupboards, lights and photo frames.
This image is taken inside a house. In which I can see a cloth hanging on a hanger and I can see a wall painting and a button on a wall. And I can see a bathroom with water in showers and I can see taps and some objects.
In this image there are some people sitting on the pavement and there are some people standing. We can see there are some people standing on some objects. There are buildings, dustbin. On the left side of the image there is a person holding some object in his hand. At the top of the image there is sky.
In this image there are a few people sailing on the boat in the river, behind them there are trees, at the top of the image there are clouds and sun in the sky.
In this image we can see a ground. In the back there are trees. In the background there is sky.
In this image there are conveyor belts and boards with some text on it. On top of the image there are display boards, lights, directional boards. On the right side of the image there is a person's hand holding a bag. At the bottom of the image there is a floor.
In this image we can see trees, sand and some rocks.
On the right side of the image we can see a clock. In the middle of the image we can see a person sitting on a mat were as he, wearing black and orange combination dress and spectacles, a book and basket is there. On the left side of the image we can see a cupboard.
In this image there is a person sitting on the chair is using a computer in front of him on the table, on the table there are some objects, beneath the table there are drawers, beside the table there is another table with some objects on it, beside him on the wall there are books on the racks and there is a poster attached on the wall, behind the monitor there is glass.
In this image we can see cot with pillows, cushions and quilt on it, couches, table lamps, cabinets, houseplants, seating stools, wall hangings and decors to the wall, chandelier, trees, buildings and sky with clouds.
In the middle of the image I can see a table and chairs. In the background, I can see door, stove, washing basin, cupboards and some other objects. At the top of the image I can see the lights.
In front of the image there is a blanket on the bed. The bed is having poles with curtains on them. Behind the bed there are toys and a mirror in the wooden closet. Beside the bed there are some objects on the surface. Beside the closet there is a curtain on the glass slide. Outside the slide there is a chair, fence and trees. In front of the bed there is a wooden structure with shelves.
In this image there is a person sitting on the chair. Beside her there is another chair. In front of her there is a computer. There is a table. On top of it there is a landline phone. There is a table. There are chairs, doors. There are photo frames on the wall. On top of the image there are lights. At the bottom of the image there is a painting on the floor.
In this picture we can see a building with boards, windows, white objects and flags. At the bottom of the image we can see people in the same attire standing near the door panels. On the left side of the picture we can see two persons. Among them we can see a man wearing goggles and a cap. On the right side of the picture we can see a car and a building is visible. In the top right corner of the picture the sky is visible.
In the center of the image we can see a billiard board and there are people holding holding sticks. In the background there is a wall and we can see boards placed on the wall. At the top there is a light.
In this picture we can see chairs, floor, table, board, wall and window. At the top of the image we can see lights and rods.
In the foreground of this image, there is a board on the right and we can also see greenery. In the background, it seems like a building on the left and sky at the top.
In this image I can see the table and few chairs and I can also see the plant, few lights, windows and the frame attached to the wall and the wall is in red color and I can also see few objects in the racks.
In this image in the center there is a cart in the center. In the background there are trees and there is a house and the sky is cloudy.
In this image we can see chandelier hanging to the ceiling, plant on the floor, bottles and flower vase on a cupboard, chairs, candle in a glass jug on a table, frame on the wall, windows, curtains and on the right side at the bottom corner we can see a wooden object.
In this image there is a sofa with pillows, in front of that there is a table with a chess board and other object. On the left and right side of the sofa there are plants, there is a door. In the background there are a few objects placed on the rack. There are a few frames are hanging on the wall, behind the sofa there is another table with a plant pot and a few other objects on it.
In this picture I can see buildings, few vehicles, it looks like a gas station. I can see boards with some text and the sky. It is a blurry picture.
This is a dark image. In this image we can see trees.
In this picture we can see trees, houseplants and a building and we can see sky in the background.
In this image in the center there are glass doors, and in the background there are some buildings, lights and some rods. At the top there is a board and lights, and at the bottom there is floor.
This image consists of a potted plants. It looks like a washroom. On the right, there is a bathtub. On the left, there are cupboards. At the bottom, there is a floor. In the background, there is a window through which we can see the trees.
In this image I can able to see a table with food items, wine glasses,plates, a candle, flowers and cloth on top of it. Also there are plants,chairs, curtain, a glass window, a door, a wooden cupboard ,mats, metal plates and some other objects.
In this image we can see the bed. And we can see the window. And we can see the wall.
In this image I can see few photo frames on the wall. On the right side there is a pillar.
In the picture I can see two wooden tables on the floor and there are chairs on the floor. I can see two computers on the wooden table. There is a clock on the wall on the top left side. I can see the posters on the wall. I can see the books on the wooden shelves.
In the picture we can see a railways station and on the platform we can see a part of the steps with railing and beside it we can see a track with a part of the train on it and in the background we can see a part of the tree and the sky.
In this picture we can see people on the ground, here we can see vehicles, wall, lights and some objects.
In this image at the bottom there are some plants and flowers, and in the background there are mountains and plants. At the top there is sky.
In this image I can see buildings with cross symbols on the top. Also there is a clock , tree and in the background there is sky.
In this image we can see few persons are standing on a design on the floor. In the background we can see benches, pillars and objects.
In this picture we can see a pedestal fan and some objects on the floor. We can see the reflections in the mirrors. We can see the ceiling lights on top. We can see a curtain and a loudspeaker with a tripod. We can see a wall in the top right.
In the foreground, I can see chairs and a table with lighted candles on a stand and I can see fruits in a basket kept on a mat and I can see other things. In the background, I can see a chandelier on a rooftop. And I can see a pillar, windows, a door, a photo frame on a wall and I can see a kitchen cabinet with a micro oven and some objects.
This image is taken from inside. In this image there are pillars, a few frames are hanging on the wall, there are a few objects on the chair. At the bottom of the image there is a wooden floor. At the top of the image there is a ceiling with lights.
In this image we can see cars on the road. In the background, we can see trees, poles, boards and a flyover. At the top of the image, we can see the sky.
In this image there are pillows, cushions and a cat on a bed, behind the bed on the wall there are posters, beside the bed on the table there are some objects and there is a basket, beside the basket on the shelves there are books and some other objects.
In this picture, we see the baskets of the wooden boxes containing the vegetables and the fruits. These vegetables include leafy vegetables, onions, etc. In the background, we see the objects in white, blue, red, black and cream color. In the middle, we see a black color object. This picture is blurred in the background.
This is the picture of a room. In the foreground there are objects on the tables and there is a sofa. At the back there are objects on the wall and there is a pillar and there might be a door. At the top there is a chandelier and there are lights. At the bottom there is a floor.
In the middle of the picture, it looks like a bidet shower sprayer. Behind that, we see a wall which is made up of tiles. On the left side, we see a white curtain. On the right side, we see a cloth or a towel in orange color. At the top, we see the shampoo bottle and the lotion bottles. This picture might be clicked in the washroom.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the floor and the railing. On the left side, we see a table or a cupboard. Beside that, it looks like a book. We see the objects in black color. On the right side, we see the racks on the shelves in which the books are placed. Behind that, we see a wall. We see the racks in which the photo frames are placed. In the background, we see a wall and a door on which a poster containing the images are pasted. At the top, we see the lights and a wall.
In this image I can see cushions and blankets on a bed, lamps on tables, wall paintings on a wall and a chandelier. This image is taken may be in a room.
This picture is clicked inside the room. In the middle of the picture, we see a dining table on which the cups, saucers and a flower vase are placed. On either side of the table, we see the chairs. On the right side, we see the cupboards, drawers and the stools. We see some toys placed in the cupboard. Beside that, we see a white wall. In the background, we see a grey wall and a window. Beside that, we see a wall in yellow color. At the top, we see the chandelier.
In the foreground we can see grass. In the middle of the picture we can see trees and a water body. At the top there is sky.
In this picture we can see a person wearing cap, standing and cooking some kind of thing in a big vessel, beside there is wall clock.
In this picture I can see sitting chairs and dining table. I can see sofa. I can see the carpet. I can see glass windows on the left side with curtains. I can see the photo frame on the wall. I can see the lamp light on the table. I can see a flower vase on the right side. I can see chandelier.
In this picture we can see the road, grass, mountains and in the background we can see the sky.
In the foreground of this image, there is grassland, a building, few plants and trees on either side of the image. At the top, there is the sky.
In this image I can see it looks like a fence and there are few plants in the foreground of the image, in the background there is a building and a few trees visible, there are few clouds in the sky.
In this picture I can see buildings, few trees and I can see the blue sky at the top. It looks like some architecture.
In this image, I can see a person standing on the pathway. There are chairs, a board with balloons and flowers. I can see a building with glass doors. Inside a building, there are posters and lights.
This image is taken inside a house. In the foreground, I can see doors and a fire extinguisher on a wall. In the background, I can see a cabinet with house plants and some object. And I can see a couch on the floor. And there is a window and some object on a wall. And there are lights on a rooftop.
In this image in the center there are three people standing, one person is wearing spectacles and one person is wearing black costume and one person is smiling in the center and there are some drum like objects which are blue in color and there are pipes. At the top there are some poles and there are pipes and objects, and in the background there is wall and windows. Through the windows we could see wall and at the bottom there is a floor.
In the center of the image we can see a few people are standing. In the background there is a wall, sign board, lights and a few other objects.
In this image there are tables and chairs in a restaurant, on the tables there are some objects and there is a Christmas tree, beside the tables there are glass walls and there are some decorative items on the walls and hanging from the top and there is an air conditioner and a poster and sign boards, from the glass walls we can see there are vehicles on the road and there are lamp posts, trees and buildings on the outside.
In this image we can see a commode, flush tank, flower vase, wash basin, tap, bottle, cupboards, floor, mat, frames, wall, cloth, rod, and a mirror. In the mirror we can see the reflection of a curtain, towel, and a window.
At the bottom of the image there is water and also there is grass. In the background there are trees. At the top of the image there is sky with clouds.
In this image I can see the ground, the road, few persons standing, few vehicles, few poles, few traffic signals, few boards and few buildings. In the background I can see the sky.
In this image, I see wooden flooring, a wooden door and wooden stairs with steel railing. In the background I see a wall.
In the image there are many clothes hanged to the hangers, in front of the clothes there are two doors and beside the doors there is a lamp and other objects kept on table, beside the table there are some boxes and in the foreground there is a bed, behind the bed there is a wall.
This image is taken indoors. At the top of the image we can see the roof. We can see the light. On the left side of the image we can see the window. We can see the wall. In the background we can see the wall. There is a mirror on the wall. In the middle of the image we can see the bed. We can see the mat on the floor. We can see the cushion on the bed. There is a lamp on the table. On the right side of the image we can see the bed.
In this image I can see stairs in the front. In the background I can see two pillars, a building, a door, two frames and two lights on the wall. On the left side of the image I can see something is written on the board and on these frames.
This image looks like a library. In which there are two persons sitting in the chairs. There are many books in the rack. In the middle, there is a computer. At the bottom, there is a floor.
In this image I can see a person wearing yellow gloves and holding an object in one hand. Also there is a metal container with some food item in it. And in the background there is a wash basin, a tap, a bottle, utensils, cloth and some other objects.
In this image we can see the hill with full of snow. We can also see the trees. Sky is also visible in this image.
In this picture I can observe a theater. There is a screen in this picture. The background is dark.
This picture seems to be clicked inside the hall. On the right we can see the picture frames hanging on the wall and we can see the doors. At the top there is a roof and the ceiling lights and we can see some other items.
In this image, we can see some grass and plants. There are buildings and trees in the middle of the image. There is a street pole on the right side of the image. There is a branch in the top left of the image. There is a sky at the top of the image.
This image consists of a building in white color along with windows and a door. In the front, we can see a path along with handrails. On the left and right, there are plants and we can see green grass on the ground. At the top, there is sky. On the left and right, we can see the trees. In the front, there is a board along with a small pole.
In the picture we can see inside view of the bedroom with a bed and on it we can see two pillows and we can also see some red clothes are packed and placed on the bed and beside the bed we can see a table with a lamp on it and beside it, we can see a window with a curtain around it and inside it we can see a photo frame to the wall and near it we can see a part of the desk with drawers.
In this image I can see two cars in the front. In the background I can see number of green colour things, few poles, few sign boards, number of trees, the sky and on these boards I can see something is written.
This is the picture of a room. In the foreground there is a tennis table. At the back there are sofas and there is a television on the table and there are refrigerators and there are pipes on the wall and there are windows and window blinds. At the top there is an object. At the bottom there is a mat.
This is an inside view of an architecture. In this picture we can see the chairs, a piano and a bench on a platform. We can see the lights, glass objects, wooden objects and a few things in this architecture.
In this image I can see painting frames stick to wall and I can also see floor, human sculpture on some object and something looking like bulb.
The foreground of the picture consists of dry leaves, roots and a cave. At the top we can see trees.
In this image, we can see some chairs. There is a table at the bottom of the image contains laptop and bottles. There is a computer on the right side of the image. There is a TV on the right side of the image. There are lights on the ceiling which is at the top of the image. There are windows in the middle of the image contains curtains.
In the center of the image, we can see a person holding an object and there are house plants and flower vases on the table. In the background, there are walls and cupboards. We can see lights and there is a roof. At the bottom, there is a floor.
In this image there is a couch on the right side and there is a photo frame on the wall.
In this image we can see tables and chairs. On the tables we can see bottles and some other objects. In the back we can see dust bins. On the wall we can see board with paintings on the papers. Also we can see window with window blind.
In this image I can see the wood log. In the background, I can see some plants.
In this picture we can see couple of houses, beside the houses we can find few trees and plants.
In this image I can see bed with pillows, blanket, some black color item and I can also see table with drawer, papers with some text printed on them, lamp and some other objects and in the background I can see carpet, wires, some cloth and frame stick to wall.
This image is taken outdoors. In this image there are many rocks.
In this picture I can see the building. I can see the roof. I can see the glass windows. I can see the pillars.
In this image, there are beds with pillows and blankets. I can see the lamps and photo frames attached to the wall. There are telephones on the tables. On the right side of the image, I can see a chair. At the bottom of the image, I can see a carpet.
In this picture we can see a kitchen with a platform , a tap, a stool and many rows.
In this picture we can see a toilet seat, flush tanker, here we can see a sink, bathtub, tissue paper roll and some objects and in the background we can see a wall, window.
In the image I can see the view of a room where we have a bed, chair, table, window and also I can see some frames and lights to the wall.
In this image we can see a tent, person standing on the ground, shed, trees, grass and hill.
In this image I can see two dolphins in the water. On the bottom side of the image I can see one person.
In the image, inside a room there are many tables and many people. And on the tables there are many items like bottles, plates, food items and few other things. In the background there are walls, arches, doors, curtains and few other things.
In this picture we can see buildings, there are two cars, boards, grass and trees in the middle, we can see the sky at the top of the picture.
In this image we can see television, speakers, musical equipment. In the background there is wall.
In this picture we can see buildings and some objects and in the background we can see trees.
In this image we can see group of boats in the water. In the foreground of the image we can see some people in a boat. In the center of the image we can see a group of buildings, trees. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
In this image I can see the bed and I can also see the light pole. In the background I can see few toys on the wooden surface, few books in the racks and I can also see the frame attached to the wall.
On the left side of the image I can see glasses, washing basin, photo frame, and bottles. In the middle of the I can see plant, snooker game table and balls. On the right side of the image I can see cupboard.
In this image I can see many stones. There is a person standing. To the left I can see the net and the wooden objects. In the background I can see the vehicles and the crane. I can also see many buildings, trees and the sky.
In the image I can see the view of a place where we have some vehicles on the road and also I can see a building on which there is some text.
In the center of the image we can see stairs and fencing. In the background we can see pillars, arch, trees, sky and clouds.
In this image there is a road. Both sides of the road there is land. Background there are hills. Top of the image there is sky with some clouds.
In this image in the center there are cars moving on the road. In the background there are trees, buildings and boards with some text written on it. On the right side there are tents and there are persons and the sky is sunny.
On the right side of the image there is a trash bin on the road. There are people walking on the pavement. In the background of the image there are buildings, lights, boards with some text on it.
In this image we can see pools. Also there are flowering plants. In the back there is a wooden fencing. In the background there are trees. Also there are buildings and there is a ladder.
This image is taken indoors. On the left side of the image there is a wall. There is a mirror on the wall. There is a lamp. In the middle of the image there is a table with many things on it. There are many bottles and objects on the shelves. We can see the picture frames on the walls. There is a board with text. On the right side of the image there is a machine. At the bottom of the image there is the floor and we can see the metal object.
In this picture I can see there is some grass and there are few plants in the foreground of the image, there is a water body and in the background few trees visible and I can see the sky.
In this image there is a table and we can see flower vases, glasses, books and a bowl placed on the table. There are sofas and we can see a lamp and some objects placed on the stand. In the background there is a wall and we can see curtains. There are vases and we can see a houseplant. At the bottom there are floor mats. We can see cushions placed on the sofa.
This is an outside view. At the bottom, I can see few plants. In the middle of the image there is a river. In the background there are many trees and a mountain. At the top of the image I can see the sky.
In this image I can able to see water, hills, trees and in the background there is sky.
In this picture we can see trees, on the left side there are some places, we can see a blurry background, there is the sky at the top of the picture.
In this image we can see buses on the road. In the background of the image there is wall. There is a glass door.
In this image we can see houses, trees, plants. There is a car, pavement.
In this image, I see different colored circular shape mats on the floor with a teapoy placed on it and a flower vase on top of it, around the teapoy I see a couch, chair, pole and a table with few objects on it, behind the chair I see different colored curtains. In the background I see a board on the wall with some picture on it, at the top I see a object hanging.
This image is clicked from top view. In the front, we can see many trees and plants along with green grass on the ground. At the top, there is sky.
In this picture I can see a bath tub and couple of bottles on it and I can see a towel to the stand and a toilet seat and flush tank and I can see curtain and looks like a wash basin on the right side.
In this picture we can see the vehicles on the road. We can see the boards, poles and a person on the left side. We can see some fencing around a tree. We can see the tree stems on the left side. We can see the architecture. On this architecture, we can see the glass objects, railings, a door with a door handle and a few things. We can see the pages with text on the glass objects. We can see the curtains through the glass windows. There is text and images on a green board. We can see other things.
This image is clicked inside the washroom. On the right side there is a chest of drawers. In the center there is a curtain and there is a bath tub and on the wall there are showers and taps and on the bath tub there are bottles and on the wall there is a design. On the left side there is an object which is blue in colour. In the background there is a wall.
In this picture we can see people and a bicycle on the road and in the background we can see buildings, lights, sky.
In this image we can see the sofa and the table. On the sofa, we can see pillows. On the table, we can see a chess board. In the background, we can see glass door, a table, chairs, cupboard, lamp, plants and frames on the wall. Behind the door, we can see a car and greenery. At the top of the image, we can see the roof.
In this image in the center there are persons standing and there is a stand and in the stand there are objects which are white and black in colour and there is some text written on the stand, there is a board with some text and images on it. In the background there are persons, there is a wall and there is a door and there are plants and there are boards with some text written on it.
In this image we can see a building with glass walls. There are railings. Also there are pots with flowering plants. There are few people sitting on chairs. Also there are windows for the building.
This picture is clicked outside. In the center we can see the white color objects which seems to be the icebergs. In the background we can see the sky which is full of clouds and we can see some other items.
In this image there are tables, chairs. There are a few objects on the platform. There are some objects on the racks. There is a glass window. There is a mirror through which we can see a person sitting on the chair. On top of the image there are lights.
In this image we can see building with windows.
In this picture we can see chairs on the floor, frames on the wall, lights, bottles, some objects and in the background it is dark.
In this image, we can see buildings and there are trees, boards, a pole and there are doors. At the top, there are clouds in the sky and at the bottom, there is a road.
In this picture we can see some people are playing hockey and some of them are holding the sticks. In the background of the image we can see the trees, plants, grass. At the bottom of the image we can see the ground. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
In this image we can see a plant in a bottle which is placed on a table and some chairs beside it. On the backside we can see the windows, some plants and the sky.
In this image we can see the building, grass, plants, soil and also some iron rods. We can also see the path and also the sky.
This picture is clicked inside the hall. On the right we can see the tables, chairs and we can see there are some objects. At the top there is a roof. In the background we can see the wall and some other items and we can see the cabinets on both the sides.
In the foreground, I can see the trees, houses, plants and a metal tower. In the background, I can see the sky.
In this image I can see road and I can also see a man in t-shirt, pant, some other vehicles, pot with plant, tree trunks, tree branches, trees, some objects, pole and in the background I can see buildings, glasses and fence.
In this picture I can see people on the walkway. I can see the traffic light pole on the left and right side. I can see the caution board pole. I can see the buildings on the left side. I can see trees on the right side.
In this image, we can see bunk beds and there are some objects on the stands. In the background, there is a curtain, door and a wall. At the bottom, there is a floor.
In this picture I can see a dining table and few chairs on the carpet and I can see a wooden rack and a water filter and I can see another table on the right side and a chandelier light to the ceiling.
In this picture I can see a woman walking on the light brown color surface. I see that, she is smiling. In the background, I can see the red color wall and I can see a woman's leg.
In this image I can see a woman standing on the grass. On the right side, I can see the trees. In the background, I can see the clouds in the sky.
In this picture I can see herd of animals, there is grass, there are hills, and in the background there is the sky.
In this picture we can see buildings, in between the view of road with vehicles parked, beside there are trees, light pole, direction board, top there is sky.
In this picture on the left side there are one water basin and water tap. There are two windows in the middle.
This picture is clicked outside the city. At the bottom, we see the road and the footpath. We see the yellow cars and the vehicles are moving on the road. On the left side, we see the carton boxes, plastic cover or a sheet and we see the objects in white color. In the middle, we see an orange color object. Beside that, we see the boards, a pole, sign boards and the street lights. On the right side, we see the poles. There are buildings, traffic signals and the poles and sign boards in the background. At the top, we see the sky.
In front of the image there is an open door. On the right side of the image there is a sink. There is a toilet. On top of it there is a flush. There is a toilet paper roller. There are hangers on the wall. In the background of the image there is a glass window. At the bottom of the image there is a floor.
In this image we can see a bed. There is a table. There is a doll. There is a cupboard with objects with a photo frame on it. To the right side of the image there is a plant. There is a doll. In the background of the image there is wall. There is a glass door. To the left side of the image there is a dressing table with a mirror. There is a photo frame on the wall. At the top of the image there is ceiling with lights. At the bottom of the image there is carpet.
In this image in the center there is a building and on the building there is text and some boards, on the boards there is text and depiction of a fish and there are some trees, plants, poles and lights. And on the right side also there are trees and building, and there is one boy who is walking it seems. At the bottom there is road, and in the background there are poles and wires. In the center there is a ladder, on the left side it looks like there is a vehicle and at the top of the image there is sky.
In the picture we can see inside view of the washroom with a sink on the table with taps and under it we can see a pipe and on the top of the table, we can see a part of the mirror on the wall and beside it, we can see a bathtub which is white in color and beside it we can see a wall with a window and glass in it.
In this picture it looks like a go-down on which an antenna is present. Vehicles are present on the road.
In this picture we can see inside the view of a room, where we can see round table and around that there are cars, there is glass window.
In this picture I can see a bedroom, there is a bed on the left with a blanket and there is a lamp shade placed on the lamp on the left side and there is a cupboard visible on the right and there is a window with the curtain.
In this picture we can see the view of a room, where we can see table, on top there is cloth, on top there are some kind of things like books, cup with pens, beside there are two chairs and beside another table with light and some other items and beside there is windows with curtain.
In this image there are group of persons sitting and walking. In the background there are buildings, trees and there are poles and on the building there is some text written on it and the sky is cloudy and there are vehicles on the road.
In this picture I can see a sofa and a bench with couple of cushions and I can see a table on the carpet and I can see a television on the another table and a light to the ceiling and a photo frame on the wall and I can see another table on the left side.
This image consists of a desk on which there are many things kept. At the top, there is a text. At the bottom, there is a floor.
In this picture there are houses, trees, vehicles and the sky is cloudy and there is grass on the ground.
In this picture I can see the door on the right side. I can see the wooden cupboards on the left side. I can see the wash basins, mirrors on the left side. I can see the commode. I can see the towel on the hanger. I can see the glass windows. I can see the light arrangement on the wall on the left side.
In this image I can see waterfall, and also I can see hills and trees.
In this picture I can see vehicles parked on the road, there are group of people standing, there are plants, trees, there are buildings, and in the background there is the sky.
In the image we can see the building, the sky and the image is slightly blurred.
In this picture we can see grass at the bottom, there are some trees in the middle, we can see rocks in the background, there is the sky at the top of the picture.
This is an inside view of an architecture. In this picture we can see an object on a platform. We can see a tap, a sink, a kitchen equipment, wooden cupboards, a refrigerator and some objects on a pillar on the left side. We can see a door with a door handle. We can see the keychains on a wooden object on the right side. We can see a glass window. Through this glass window, We can see the architecture, trees, some fencing and other things in the background.
This image consists of a building along with windows. In the front, we can see the steps along with a railing. On the left and right, we can see the trees. In the middle, we can see the plants. At the bottom, there is green grass on the ground. On the left, there is a tent under which we can see few people. At the top, there is sky.
In this image we can see chairs, pillows, lamp and some other objects. In the background of the image there is a wall, frames, chairs and some other objects. On the right side of the image there is an object. At the bottom of the image there is the floor. At the top of the image there is the ceiling.
In this picture we can see a woman smiling, sitting in a vehicle, holding a steering with her hands and in the background we can see the grass, house plant on the ground, wall, trees.
In this image there is a table with potted plants on it, a mirror on the wall in the left corner. There is a potted plant on the wall and cupboard in the right corner. There are chairs, table with some objects on it, lamps,sofas in the foreground. There are some frames on wall and doors in the background. There is a floor at the bottom. And there is a roof at the top.
In this image, I see green grass,few plants with flowers on it at the bottom, I see a board with some text written on it with a tree beside it, behind it I see a house with a flag on it. In the background I see group of trees and a clear sky at the top.
In the center of the image there is a house with windows. At the bottom of the image there is soil. There are plants. At the top of the image there is sky.
In the middle of the image we can see some dustbins and vehicles on the road. Behind them there are some buildings, on the buildings we can see some sign boards and lights. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
In this image there are a few musical instruments, mics and a few other objects on the floor. In the background there are chairs arranged and there is a wall. At the top of the image there is a ceiling with lights.
In this picture I can see the inside view of a building, where I can see a table and around the table, I can see red color chairs. On the left side of this picture, I can see a plant in a pot. I can also see another plant on the table. On the right side of this picture, I can see few things in a cupboard. On the top of this picture, I can see a chandelier. In the background, I can see the railings, trees and the sky.
In this image in the center there is an object, and in the background there is a photo frame, pillars, wall and some other objects. At the bottom there is floor.
In this image I can see few books in the racks and I can also see the person standing and the person is wearing purple and black color dress. In the background I can see few other people standing, few flags in red color and I can also see few pillars and the railing.
In the image I can see the view of a place where we have some trees and plants.
In this picture we can see a dining table with dining mats, plates, spoons, glasses and a houseplant. We can see food in the plates. We can see chairs around a dining table. In the background we can see curtains, a houseplant and a window. We can see a stand with candles. We can see painting frames on the walls. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor.
In the image we can see the internal view of the building. Here we can see the sofa, chairs and a table, on the table, we can see many other objects. Here we can see wooden floor, carpet and frame stick to the wall. Here we can see the lights and the glass windows, and out of the windows we can see two people standing, wearing clothes. We can see the buildings and the sky.
This image consists of three persons. In the front, we can see a chair. In the background, there are racks. In which, there are many wine bottles. On the right, we can see the air conditioners. At the top right, there is a wall. On the left, we can see a blue color object. At the top, the image is blurred.
In this picture I can see the sofa, sitting chair and tables. I can see the photo frame on the wall. I can see light lamp on the table. I can see a window with curtains.
This is the picture of a room. In the foreground there is a bed and there are objects on the table and there is a board on the wall and there is a picture of a moon on the board and there are windows and window blinds and there is a tree and building behind the windows. At the bottom there is a mat on the floor.
In the picture I can see steps and plants. In the background I can see trees, a house and the sky.
On the left side of the image there is a person sitting on the bench and she is holding the bottle in her hand. Beside her there is some object. There is a rooftop supported by the poles. There are tables, chairs, benches, tents. There are rocks. On top of the rocks there are wooden logs and a fire. There is a person holding a glass in his hand. There is grass on the surface. In the background of the image there are trees, houses, vehicles. There are banners and posters on the wall. There are some objects.
In this image i can see the beds and chairs, there is one table and few objects on it, we can see a few frames on the wall, there is one cupboard, near that there is a window with a curtain, near that i can see one lamp.
In this image there is a street light. Behind there is a house. Bottom of the image there is a street lane having plants. Right side there is a house having a pot. The pot is having a plant. Background there are houses. Behind there is a hill. Top of the image there is sky.
This image is clicked on the road. In the image we can see many persons. On the right, there are cars parked on the roads. On the left, there are building along with the boards. At the top, there is sky. In the middle, we can see a pole along with a lamp.
In this image I can see benches, flagpoles, pillars, curtains, wall, sculptures and lights on a rooftop. This image is taken may be in a hall.
In the foreground of this picture we can see the potted plants containing the green leaves and some flowers which are placed on the wooden rack. At the top we can see the potted plants containing the green leaves and some objects seems to be the fruits. In the background we can see some other items.
In this image there are clothes with hangers, window and wall in the left corner. There is a table and metal rack with some objects on it and a wall in the right corner. There is metal rack with some objects, people , books on the rack in the foreground. There is a wall with some poster in the background. There is a floor at the bottom. And there is a roof on top.
In this image we can see a bed containing a plant, pillow and some curtains on it. We can also see a door, a lamp and a flower vase on a table, the lamps on the cupboards, a mirror and some photo frames on a wall, windows with a curtain, some objects on a table and a roof with a ceiling fan and some lights.
In this image there is a road. On the right side there are houses and there are two car parking in the front of houses. People are walking on the right side. There are the trees on the left side. There is a house in the background and behind the house there is a tree. The sky is there.
In the middle we can see a person. In the background there are some wooden objects. At the top we can see light and some wooden objects.
In this image we can see cot with pillows, cushions and quilt on it, mantelpiece, television screen, chandelier, wall hangings to the wall, couch, seating stools, curtains to the windows and table lamps on the side tables.
In this picture we can see inside the view of a shop, where we can see clothes to the hangers, beside there are some kind of things placed in rack and top there is light, back side there are glass windows.
In this image we can see steps, escalators and railings. Also we can see people. There are trees. Also we can see buildings. In the background there is sky.
In this image there is a table. On top of it there are a few objects. There is a light, dustbin. On the right side of the image there is another table. On top of it there are some objects. At the bottom of the image there are a few objects on the floor. In the background of the image there is a wall. There is a glass window through which we can see trees.
In this image we can see a group of people working on top of the roof. And at the top we can see the sky.
In the foreground of this image, there is a water tank, electronic devices, pavement, and stones. In the background, there are trees, grassland, few buildings, cliff and the sky.
In this image we can see people, floor, tables, pole, wall, light, and other objects.
In this picture I can see number of buildings, trees and a fort in front. In the background, I can see the mountains and the sky.
This is the picture of a room. In the foreground there are pillows on the bed and there is a table and there is a cabinet. At the back there is a toy on the chair and there are objects on the table and there are toys in the basket and there are objects on the wall and there is a toy hanging to the ceiling and there are pictures of aircrafts on the wall and there is a window and there are trees behind the window. At the top there is sky. At the bottom there is a floor. At the bottom left there is text.
In this image I can see buildings and I can also see glasses, trees, tree trunk and in the background I can see a clear blue sky with clouds.
In the image I can see the picture of a room where we have two beds on which there are some blankets and pillows and also I can see e a sofa, chair and frames and lights to the roof.
In this image, we can see cushions on the sofas and we can see an object and there is a flower vase on the stands. In the background, there is a frame on the wall and we can see a curtain, window and a door, through the glass we can see trees. At the bottom, there is a floor.
In this image two persons are sitting on the stools. Left side there is a woman standing on the floor. Behind her there is a dustbin. There are tables on the floor. On the tables there are books, bottle and few objects. A cupboard is attached to the wall. Right side a clock is attached to the wall. Right side there is a person behind the table. Background there is a wall having windows. From the windows few trees are visible.
In this image there is a shed and we can see vehicles. There is a pole. In the background we can see trees. At the top three is sky.
In the center of the image there is a small house. There are railway tracks. In the background of the image there are trees, plants. In the foreground of the image there is grass and rods.
In this image, there are chairs arranged around a table. At the top of this image, there are lights. In the background, there is a potted plant, a white wall and other objects.
This image is taken in the room. In this image there are chairs and we can see a table. There are some objects placed on the table. In the background there is a screen and a wall.
In this image I can see at the bottom it looks like a swimming pool, in the middle there are windows, outside these windows there are vehicles, trees and houses.
In this image we can see a building with windows. We can also see some wooden poles, tarpaulin and the sky which looks cloudy. On the bottom of the image we can see some wood pieces and marbles which are placed on the ground.
In this picture I can see a swimming pool, few plants and trees and I can see a building on the left side and a board with some text and I can see water in the back and a cloudy sky.
This image is taken indoors. At the top of the image there is a roof. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. In the background there is a wall with a window and there is a painting on the wall. On the left side of the image there is a refrigerator and there is a dustbin. There are two chairs and a table. On the right side of the image there is a stove and there are a few objects.
This image is taken in the kitchen and here we can see lights, windows and there is a sink on the counter table. We can see a stove hood and an oven. There are walls. At the top, there is a roof. At the bottom, there is a floor.
In this image there are some houses, trees and a wall, pavement. At the bottom there is road, and in the background there are trees and mountains. At the top there is sky ,on the buildings there are antennas.
In this image, we can see an oven, cupboard and there are jars and some other objects are on the stand and we can see a refrigerator, a door, a telephone and some decor items.
At the bottom of this image I can see the grass. In middle of the image there is a house. In the background there are many trees. At the top of the image I can see the sky and clouds.
In this image on the left side we can see flower vase on a table, carpet on the floor, flower vases and lamp on the another table, chairs, stool, frames on the wall, staircase, window and curtain.
In this picture I can see a couple in the bathtub. I can see the plant pot on the left side. I can see tiles on the wall.
In this image, we can see people and one of them is wearing a cap. At the top, there is sky and at the bottom, there is a rock, which is cracked.
In this picture I can see a car moving on the road, there is a person riding a bicycle in the background and it looks like a bridge there is a water body visible on the right side and in the background there are few trees and buildings visible and there are clouds in the sky.
In this picture we can see house, beside there are plants and trees and flowers to the small plants, beside there is road path.
In this image there are sheds and we can see trees. On the left there is a pole. At the bottom we can see a wall. In the background there is sky.
In this image I can see in the middle there are two cars on the road, there are buildings on either side of this image. In the background there are trees and at the top there is the sky.
In this image we can see a sofa with the cushions which is placed on the floor. We can also see a table containing some books on it. On the backside we can see a window, wall and a tree.
In front of the image there is a tap, glasses, bottle and vegetables on the platform. There is a stove. Beside the stove there are a few objects on the platform. There is a sink, tap and some other objects. Under the sink there are cupboards. There are plates, bowls, glasses inside the cupboards. In the background of the image there is a curtain. There are windows.
In this image in the front there's grass on the ground and there are stones. In the center there is water. In the background there are mountains and the sky is cloudy and there is grass on the ground in the background.
In this image there are cars on the road. There are buildings, trees. In the background of the image there is grass on the surface. At the top of the image there is sky.
In this image I can see there is a balcony and there is a railing, there are few buildings visible from the window and there are trees.
In this image we can see mirrors and lights on the wall, cupboard on the floor, sinks, taps and objects on the sinks. We can see mars and dustbin on the floor.
In this image we can see ancient monument. In the back we can see trees and sky with clouds.
In this image I can see the many trees, mountains and the blue sky. I can see some snow on the mountains.
In this picture I can see few animals, few plants and the grass on the ground. I can see a tree, it looks like a fence in the back and I can see the sky at the top.
In this image I can see the couches, chairs, pillars, windows, curtains and few frames are attached to the wall. I can see the lamp, flower pots, frames and few objects on the tables.
In this picture we can see a big river with many boats on it. At the top we have the sky in blue color. In the middle we have many buildings, houses and trees.
In this picture we can see an old woman walking on the street. On the right side we have flags and buildings. On the left side we have trees.
In this image we can see flowers, plants, windows, wall, pillars and trees.
This image consists of trees, buildings, towers, rooftop and the sky. This image is taken may be in a building.
In this image we can see floor, cupboards, oven, refrigerator, tap, wash basin, window, wall, and other objects.
In this picture we can see a sofa, chair, table on the floor, here we can see pillows, wall, roof, windows and some objects and in the background we can see trees.
In this image I can see group of people sitting. In the background I can see the stall, few trees in green color and the sky is in white color.
In this image we can see a board on a pole, branches of a tree, building, windows, doors, board on the wall, text written on the wall and there is a bicycle on the right side at the bottom corner.
In this image I can see a sofa, cushions, chairs, houseplant and sculpture on a table. In the background I can see a wall, window, lamps, wall painting on a wall, curtain, grass, vehicle on the road and building. This image is taken may be in a room.
In the center of the image, we can see a building and there are boards with text, grilles, poles, wires and bins. We can see a person, a flag and there is a vehicle on the road. At the top, there is sky.
In this image we can see many persons on the floor. In the background we can see cylinder, wall, statue and fencing.
In this image there are two persons standing wearing helmets and there are air crafts landing on a helipad, in the background there is the sky.
In this image, I see a car on the road, beside it I see green grass, I see group of trees on either sides of the road, I also see few other vehicles and a cloudy sky at the top.
In this image there is a rack and we can see things placed in the rack. There are papers and we can see planck's. On the left there is a counter table and we can see a tin and an object placed on the counter table.
In the image there are many plants, trees and grass.
In this image we can see the buildings, sand, plants, trees, path and also the fencing wall. We can also see the cloudy sky.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky with clouds. In the middle of the image there is an airplane on the runway. In the background there are a few hills. There are many trees with leaves, stems and branches. There is a ground with grass on it.
In the picture we can see a road on it, we can see some vehicles and on both the sides of the road we can see the snow surfaces with many trees and on trees also we can see snow and on the top of it we can see a part of the sky.
In front of the picture, we see a man in the uniform is standing and he is wearing a cap. Beside him, we see a man is standing and he is wearing the uniform. On the right side, we see a yellow vehicle and a person is standing. At the top, we see the ceiling and at the bottom, we see the pavement. In the background, it is white in color and this picture is blurred in the background.
In this image in the front there is a table, on the table there is a lamp, on the left side there is a sofa. In the center there is table, on the table there are objects and there are empty chairs. In the background there is an empty sofa, there is a cupboard and in the cupboard there is cutlery, there are frames on the wall and there is a chandelier hanging and behind the sofa there is a curtain and there is a window. On the floor there is an object which is black in colour and it is a mat on the floor.
In the image I can see a bridge, street lamps, poles, railing, sign board, plants, trees, pillars and a vehicle on the road. In the background there are buildings and hills. At the top there is sky.
In this image, we can see a fort and there are stairs. At the top, there is sky and at the bottom, there is ground.
In this picture I can see few people sitting in the chairs and I can see few empty chairs and tables and I can see flower pots on the tables and a cupboard and I can see couple of photo frames on the wall.
On the left side of the image we can see the rocks. In the background of the image we can see the water. At the bottom of the image we can see the trees and grass. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
In the foreground of this image, there is a chair in front of a desk on which, there is a keyboard, land phone, mouse, monitor, printer and few papers. We can also see two more chairs, a bed, wall, posters, few objects on the table, a white object on the left, an AC, few lights to the ceiling and a door. In the background, there are few objects.
On the right side of the image we can see buildings, trees and some water body. In the middle of the image we can see a man and a lady is walking on the footpath, where as man is catching the dog, and we can see some street lights. On the left side of the image we can see a lady is walking were as she wears a black color dress and we can see some buildings.
In this image we can see a group of barrels which are placed on the ground. We can also see some pillars, walls, poles and a roof with some ceiling lights. On the right side we can see a person standing.
In front of the image there is a wooden bridge. There is grass on the surface. There is water. In the background of the image there are trees. At the top of the image there is sky. There is some text at the bottom of the image.
In the foreground of the image, I can see a house with windows and an entrance. And I can see a fence, plants and the trees. In the background of the image, I can see the sky.
In this picture we can see the couches, tables, railing, pillars, door, photo frames on the wall, plant. On the tables we can see a book, bowls. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor. At the top of the image we can see the chandelier.
In this image we can see buses on the road. In the background we can see buildings, gas station and sky.
In this image there is a bed. On top of it there is a bed sheet and two pillows. Beside the bed there are two tables. In the background of the image there is a photo frame on the wall. On top of the image there is a fan and a light. At the bottom of the image there is a floor.
In the foreground of this image, there are few items in the refrigerator. In the background, there is a flower pot, window blind to a window, a bowl and few more objects. We can also see cupboards, wall and the floor.
In this picture we can see a person, car, sun shade, shutter, name boards, decorative flags, building with windows and some objects.
In this image, I see grains in-front and a man standing bending forward while holding a wooden object and carrying grains in it while a cloth tied around his head, behind him I see a boy standing holding a stick. In the background I see few other people standing around bunch of dry grass pile, behind them I see group of trees.
In the foreground of this image, there are cups, lids, a jar and a bowl like an object on the slab and we can also see a white color object and socket on the wall. On the right, there is a mirror.
At the bottom of the image I can see the grass. In the middle of the image I can see water. In the background, I can see a building.
In the center of the image there is a storage shed, woods, few people and a few other objects. In the background, we can see trees.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the plants which have flowers and these flowers are in white and yellow color. On the left side, we see the plants which have yellow and white flowers. On the right side, we see the grass and the plants which have the yellow flowers. At the top, we see the clouds and the sky, which is blue in color.
In this picture I can see a couch, chairs and some table, potted plants, lights to the roof and some glass doors.
The picture is taken inside a room. In the foreground of the picture we can see couches, pillows, desk and other objects. In the middle of the picture we can see desk, television and other objects. In the background we can see wall and window.
This image consists of a parking lot of a building. In the front, we can see the pillars. At the top, there is a roof. On the left, there is a wall. On the right, we can see a light.
In this picture I can see a chair and a cushion on it and I can see a table with drawers and I can see a plant on the table.
On the right side, we see a wash basin and the towels. Behind that, we see a pole and a wooden wall on which a flower vase is placed. Behind that, we see a wall on which a mirror and the lights are placed. In the middle, we see a bathtub. Beside that, we see a towel and behind that, we see a plant pot and a white wall. In the background, we see the glass doors or windows and the curtains. At the top, we see the fan. At the bottom, we see a floor in white and black color.
In this image there are some machines, and in the background there is a cupboard. At the bottom there is floor, and in the center there are some objects. At the top there are some pipes, and in the background there is wall.
This picture is clicked inside the room. In this picture, we see a bed and the pillows. We see a bed sheet in white and grey color and we see the clothes in white and pink color. At the bottom, we see the floor and a cable. Beside the bed, we see a stool on which a lamp and an object is placed. On the left side, we see a white wall on which a photo frame is placed. In the background, we see a white color object, wall and the curtains in brown color.
This image consists of a bedroom. In which we can see two beds along with pillows. And we can see the dolls on the beds. In the background, there is a wall along with the windows. At the bottom, there is a floor.
In this image I can see the bed, pillows, blanket on the bed. I can see the lamps, few objects on the table and I can see the chair, table, lights, window and the curtains. The frame is attached to the wall.
This is a blurry image. In this image, we can see animals are on the grass. In the background, we can see planets, houses, hills and sky.
In the image I can see the view of a place where we have a vehicle and some poles on the road and also I can see some buildings, trees and plants.
In this image I can see on the left side there is a tree and a person is walking on the footpath. On the right side few vehicles are moving on the road and there are traffic signals, in the background there are trees and buildings, at the top there is the sky.
In the image, inside a room there is a couch with pillows on it. Behind the couch there is a wall with a photo frame. And there is a pole with lamps. In the background there is a door. On the left side of the image there is a kitchen platform with cupboards, stove, dishwasher and few other vessels on it. At the top of the image there is a ceiling with lights and also there are cupboards.
In this picture I can see sitting chairs. I can see the wooden tables. I can see the podiums. I can see the microphones. I can see the wooden fence on the left side. It is looking like a screen on the left side. It is looking like a wall on the right side.
In the center of the image there is a wall, glass window, frame, door, electric stove, cupboards, drawers and a few other objects. Through the glass window, we can see the grass, plants and a few other objects.
In the foreground of this image, there are plants, grass and trees. In the background, there are trees and the sky.
In this image, we can see some trees and plants. There is a lake at the bottom of the image. There is a sky at the top of the image.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky with clouds. At the bottom of the image there are many plants. On the left side of the image there is a house and there are a few trees and plants. In the middle of the image there is a church.
In this picture I can see a top view of buildings, trees and road and there are few vehicles moving on the road and there is a construction work visible in the foreground of the image and I can see the sky.
In this image, I see few plants and sand field at the bottom and a steel gate with sculptures on it. In the background I see stars, group of plants and a clear sky at the top.
In this image we can see a building and dry trees. At the top of the image, we can see the sky.
In this image there are pillows and cushions on the mattress, beside that there are steps, beside the steps there are plants, in the background of the image there are cushions on the sofas, in front of them there are tables, behind that there are plants, on the left of the image there is a curtain and a closed wooden shutter, in the background of the image there are trees, behind the sofas there is a wooden wall, on top of it there is some text.
In this picture I can see in the middle there is a tap, sink. On the right side there is a stove, it looks like a kitchen room.
In this image, there is a court. On this court, we can see there are yellow color lines, a pole and a net. Around this court, we can see there is a fence. At the top of this image, there are feeders. In the background, there are posters, a fence, trees, poles, a building and the sky.
In the image we can see the building and these are the windows of the building. Here we can see a tree, plants and grass. Here we can see the vehicle, the sky and the image is slightly blurred.
In this image we can see the table and chairs. And we can see the frame on the wall. And we can see the flower pot and some objects on the table. And we can see the door and the wall.
In the middle of the image three persons are doing ice skating. Behind them we can see some houses, trees, poles and vehicles. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
In this image I can see few people and I can also see road with white painted lines, pavement, cars with number plates, three people with bags, gate, fence, board with some text on it, flowers, small and large poles, wall, tree trunks, tree branches, trees, sign board and in the background I can see buildings, windows, glasses and sky.
In this image, we can see a sea dock. There are hills in the middle of the image. There are clouds in the sky.
In this image on the left side there is a bed, pillows, chair, table, candles, photo frame, lamp, door, window, wall. And on the right side there is a toilet, flower pot, plant, door, and at the top there is ceiling and lights. At the bottom there is floor.
In this picture I can see chairs and tables and I can see blinds to the windows.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is sky. At the bottom of the image we can see the green grass on the ground. On the left side of the image there is a tree. On the right side of the image there might be two plants.
In this picture I can see at the bottom there are sofa chairs and there is a table, on the right side there is a fireplace. At the top there is a photo frame on the wall, on the left side there are glass windows, at the top there is a light.
In this image I can see few trees, mountains and the sky is in blue color.
In this image there is a door and objects in the left corner. There are kick bags and some objects in the right corner. There is a box ring in the foreground. There is a wall in the background. There are lights hanging on roof at the top. And there is a floor at the bottom.
In this image we can see the inner view of the vehicle. In this image we can see chairs, glass window and an object. From glass window we can see some objects like trees and sky.
In this image, we can see some clouds in the sky.
In this picture we can see vehicles on the ground and in the background we can see people, wall, lights and some objects.
In this image there are windows and we can see blinds. At the bottom there is a floor. On the left we can see a rod. At the top there are lights. There are boards.
In this image, we can see trees, sheds, fences, benches and there is a net. At the top, there is sky. At the bottom, there is a ball on the sand.
In this picture we can see big building with glass windows, in front there are steps, in front of that building there is grass, trees, top there is sky with clouds.
In this image I can see a vehicle on the road. I can see the houses. In the background, I can see the trees and a board with some text written on it. I can see the clouds in the sky.
In this picture we can see the floor, sink, tap, toilet, flush tank, book, bathtub, clothes, bottles, racks, mirror on the wall, window and some objects.
In the image I can see the picture of a room in which there is a bed, chair, table and a mirror and also I can see a door.
In this image at the bottom it looks like buildings, and in the background there might be wall.
In this image I can see a dining table and four chairs. On the right side there is a window. There is a curtain to the window. At the top there is a light hanged to the ceiling.
In this image, we can see boards placed on the walls and there are lights, glass doors. At the top, there is a roof. At the bottom, there is a floor.
In front of the image there are few plants. Behind those plants there are sheds and houses. And also there are trees in the background. At the top of the image there is sky.
This picture looks like a warehouse and I can see a crane holding a car and I can see another crane on the left side.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky with clouds. At the bottom of the image there is a ground. On the right side of the image there is the sea. On the right side of the image there are many trees with leaves, stems and branches.
In this image there is a counter table and we can see a toaster, chopping board, holder, tape recorder, vessels, bottle and an object placed on the counter table. We can see cupboards and there is a chimney.
In this image we can see a person standing on the floor. We can also see a door, a container, window, walls and a roof.
In this image I can see a railway track. There are two persons walking on the footpath. I can see few vehicles on the road. In the background I can see a building. There are few trees. At the top I can see clouds in the sky.
In this image we can see a person is riding vehicle on the floor by carrying objects on the vehicle. In the background we can see objects on the floor, poles and lights on the ceiling.
In this picture we see a kitchen area with a platform on which we have a oven, we a sink and many things. On the right side of kitchen we have a fridge.
In this image in the center it looks like there is a slope, and there is wall it seems and at the bottom there is a pond. And there are some plants and grass, and on the right side and left side it looks like there are trees, grass, sand. And at the top of the image there is sky, and also there are some rocks it seems.
In this picture. I can see a boy in the cradle. I can see a chair. I can see an animated painting on the wall.
In this image we can see a water body and a person standing on the ground. We can also see a group of trees, grass, poles, plants, some buildings with windows and the sky which looks cloudy.
In this image there are trees, behind the trees there are coolants and a tower. At the top of the image there are clouds in the sky.
In this picture we can see a projector room with boards, computer systems, tables and chairs.
In this image i can see houses, there are few tables and chairs in front of the house, there are some written text on the board, i can see the grass and some trees, there are a few hills, at the top i can see the sky with clouds.
In the center of the image we can see towels and pillows on the bed. In the background there is wall and light.
In this image I can see microphone with stand and I can also see music stand with notes, some objects, floor, door, glasses, ceiling fan, speaker with stand and wall and the background is blurry.
This is a picture of inside of the house, in this image on the right side there is a door, boards and on the boards there are some posters and also we could see some sign boards, lights and some objects. And in the center there are two doors, and a window and on the left side also there is a door, window and wall. At the bottom there is floor, and at the top there is ceiling and lights.
In this image we can see the trays of different fruits with the names. We can also see the boards with the images and also the text. Lights are also visible in this image.
In this image I can see few people and I can also see floor, photo frames, pillars and the background is white and at the top of the image I can see decorative ceiling and chandeliers.
This image consists of a building. The walls are made up of rocks. At the bottom, there is green grass on the ground. In the front, we can see a person. On the right, there is a house and we can see a window. At the top, there is sky. On the right, there is a mountain.
This picture is an inside view of a store. In the center of the image we can see a lady is sitting and holding an object. In the background of the image we can see the tables, racks, machines, boards, some people are standings, packets, wires and some other objects. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor, basket.
In this image, there are buildings, trees, light poles, boards and a flag to a pole. In front of the buildings, I can see groups of people and there are vehicles on the road.
In the center of the image there is a wall, window, curtain, table, lamp, carpets, beds, pillows, frames and a few other objects. At the bottom right side of the image, we can see some numbers.
In front of the picture, we see a bike. Behind that, we see a rack in which a bag, green color boxes, books, red color objects and white color tins are placed. Beside that, we see a white color object. On the right side, we see the carton boxes and the white color boxes. On the left side, we see a stool, suitcase, boxes in white and green color, buckets in white and red color and some objects in black color. At the top, we see a cupboard and a shelf on which some objects are placed. In the background, we see a wooden wall and a window blind.
In this picture it is looking like the amusement park. I can see the roller coaster. I can see green grass. I can see people. I can see the sky at the top. I can see trees. I can see the metal objects.
In this image there is a water surface, in the middle there is a rock, in the background there are trees and the sky.
In this image I can see in the middle few vehicles are moving on the road, on the right side there are buildings, in the background there are trees and street lamps. At the top there is the sky.
In this image there are sheds and we can see cars. There are people. We can see boards. At the bottom there are plants and we can see trees. In the background there is sky.
This is a picture of a room, in this image there is a table. On the table there is a book and papers and chairs and there is a cupboard, on the cupboard there are objects. On the right side of the image there are some machines, and in the center there is a curtain, window and wall. At the bottom there is floor.
On the left side, we see a snooker pool table and a pool table. Behind that, we see a white wall on which the photo frames are placed. On the right side, we see the chairs in yellow, blue and red color. Behind that, we see a wall and beside that, we see a white door. At the top, we see the ceiling of the room.
In this image we can see the buildings and cars. And we can see the dried trees. And we can see some people on the pedestrian walkway. And we can see the traffic signals, trees. And we can see the sign boards.
In this picture we can see an architecture with a glass door and a door handle. We can see the lights, a box and metal objects on the walls of this architecture. Through this glass door, we can see some objects in this architecture. We can see the reflections on this glass door.
This is an inside image of a building, where we can see yellow color walls, a door, some name boards on the wall and a paper on the floor.
In this picture I can see people on the green grass. I can see flag pole. I can see trees.
At the bottom of the image we can see some chairs and boards. In the middle of the image we can see fencing. Behind the fencing we can see some chairs and wall. At the top of the image we can see some lights.
In this image we can see buildings, cars, road and sky.
In this image there are vehicles and we can see a shed. There are trees and we can see a board. There is a pole. In the background there is sky and we can see wires.
In this picture we can see big sea, at the edge there is green grass, top there is sky.
In this picture I can able to see a table with oven, papers and some objects on it. Also there are two chairs, two pairs of shoes , a refrigerator and posters attached to the wall.
In this image, there is sand. In the background, there are mountains and the sky.
In this image we can see grass, plants, flowers, trees, mountain, and objects. In the background there is sky with clouds.
In this image I can see sofas. I can see two lamps on the table. In the background, I can see a window on the wall. At the top I can see the light.
In this image we can see the wooden counters, bowl, wall, ceiling and also the floor. We can also see the lights.
In this picture we can see the inside view of a bedroom, where we can see bed with pillows, beside chairs with wooden table, back side glass windows with curtains and beside there is wooden cabinet.
In this image we can see a large water body, a group of trees, the hills and the sky which looks cloudy.
This image consists of a wooden table on which we can see a plate. In which, it looks like there are berries in red color. In the background, there is a kitchen. We can see a stove along with an oven. On the stove, there is a teapot. In the background, the wall is covered with the tiles. On the left and right, there are photo frames on the wall. On the right, there is a window and we can see a flower vase. At the top, there is a roof and we can see the lights. On the right, there are cupboards. On the left, there is a flower vase and we can see a machine. In the background, we can see a table on which there is a basket. And we can see a frame on the wall.
In this image, we can see buildings, walls, windows, railings, plants, and few objects. Here we can see vehicles are parked on the road and person is standing on the walkway. In the background, we can see trees, buildings, street lights, board and sky.
In this image we can see the interior of a building and in the building we can see some wooden steps with iron railing and the iron rods are in black and steel color and on the floor we can see some stools and on the stools there some plants in plant pots and the floor is in black color and here we can also see a white color wall and some doors in the wall and we can also see some other plants and objects are also and in the balcony we can see some glass doors in black color and we can also see some other rooms and a white color light on the roof.
In front of the image there is a fountain. At the bottom of the image there is water. On the right side of the image there is a wall. In the background there is a kid walking on the stairs and also there are railings. Behind the railing there is a wall and also there are creepers with flowers.
In this image there are cups, stove on the platform. There is a microwave oven and a kettle is connected to the switchboards with the cables. There are straws in a cup. There are covers in a cardboard box. There are sachets on the plate. There is a chimney on the wall. There are cupboards. On the right side of the image there is a fridge.
This image is taken indoors. At the top of the image there is a ceiling. At the bottom of the image there is a floor and there is a mat on the floor. In the background there is a wall with windows and a door. Through the window we can see there is a house and there are a few picture frames on the walls. On the left side of the image there is a couch with a few pillows on it and there is a table with a few things on it. There are two plants in the pots. On the right side of the image there is a railing.
In this image the water is floating. There are stones. There is a tree leaf on the right side.
In this image we can see there are many monkeys on the wooden log, at the back there are many trees, the background is blurry.
In this image we can see a bed with the blanket and also pillows. We can also see the lambs, a chair, floor and also the frames attached to the wall.
In this picture I can see bed and pillow. I can see the lamp light on the table on the left side. I can see a Venetian blind window on the left side. I can see photo poster on the wall. I can see cupboard on the right side.
This image consists of fleets of vehicles on the road, crowd, light poles, sign boards, trees, shops and buildings. At the top I can see the sky. This image is taken may be on the road.
This image is taken outdoors. At the bottom of the image there is a road. In the middle of the image there are many buildings. There are a few poles with street lights and there are a few signal lights. There is a stall. There is an umbrella. A few vehicles are moving on the road. There are a few iron bars. A few people are standing on the sidewalk and a bicycle is parked on the sidewalk. There is a sign board.
In this image I can see a wash basin, container, mirror, glass door, lights and wall. This image is taken may be in a room.
In this picture we see a bed with pillows, beside it, we have a small table with a landline & a bottle and a bed lamp on it. On the wall we have a painting hanging.
In this image we can see small tables and chairs. In the background, we can see so many boxes are arranged on the floor and in the racks. There are some dresses on the right side of the image. We can see a statue on the left side of the image and there is a dinosaur skeleton. It seems like a window in the right top of the image.
In this image we can see houses, trees, electric poles, cars on the road. At the top of the image there is sky.
At the bottom of this image, there is grass on the ground. In the middle of this image, there is a building having roof, a window, gate and a fence. In the background, there are trees and the sky.
In the image I can see the view of a place where we have some vehicles and people on the road and also I can see some buildings and the sky.
In this image we can see some vehicles parked on the ground. On the left side of the image we can see buildings with windows, pipes, a light on the wall and some cables. In the center of the image we can see some plants. On the right side of the image we can see a railing and a group of trees. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
In this image there is a floor, on that floor there is a chair and tables, on that tables there are few objects, in the background there is a wall for that wall there are photo frames and posters.
This is the picture of a room. In the foreground there are cushions on the sofas and there is a flower vase and there is a bowl on the table. At the back there are doors and windows and there are curtains and there is a plant and there is a cupboard. At the top there is a fan and there are lights. At the bottom there are mats on the floor and there are trees behind the doors.
In this image we can see road, trees, grass, electric poles, electric cables, buildings and sky with clouds in the background.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the road and the object in yellow color. On the left side, we see the poles. In the background, we see the buildings in white and grey color. At the top, we see the sky. This picture is blurred.
In the image we can see the bed and on the bed we can see the pillows. There are even chairs and a table. Here we can see the lamp and other objects, kept on the shelf. Here we can see the floor, window, curtains and window blinds. Here we can see chandelier and on the bottom left, we can see the watermark.
In this image we can see vehicles on the road. In the background, we can see buildings and banners. On the right side of the image, we can see a tree and people walking on the road. There is a pole and sign board on the left side of the image. At the top of the image, we can see the sky with some clouds.
In this image there is a house on which there are a few boards with some text and in front of it there is a table and there is a woman standing, in front of the women there is a flower pot, around the house there are flowers, plants, rocks, grass, poles and trees.
In this picture I can see water in the foreground. I can see the hill in the background. I can see the plants. I can see the green grass on the left side. I can see clouds in the sky.
In this image, I see stack of card boxes placed on wooden boards with plastic covers wrapped on them. In the background I see doors, a clock on the wall and few lights and pipes at the top.
On the right side of the image we can see two people are standing and wearing helmets and a lady is wearing a bag. In the background of the image we can see the ground, trolley, wall, doors, boards and some people are standing. At the top of the image we can see the roof and lights. In the bottom right corner we can see the floor.
In this image I can able to see a cabinet. There is a washbasin ,tap, an oven, an induction stove, a basket and an electric object. Also I can see a chimney and also there are cupboards.
In this image in the foreground there are trees and plants, and in the background it looks like there is a river and trees. And at the top there is sky.
In this image there are bottles, chocolates and a few other items on the rack. There are cool drink bottles, tins inside the fridges. In the background of the image there are photo frames and a mirror on the wall. At the top of the image there are lights.
In this image I can able to see a monitor, keyboard, mouse, cables, laptop, pencil, pen, papers and CPU on the table. Also there is a person and another keyboard. There is a rack fixed to the wall and on the rack there are stack of different books,a mug, a stapler and other objects on it. And in the bottom right corner there are cardboard boxes.
In this picture we can see the inside view of a building.There are cushions on the sofa, there are chairs and a table. On the table, there are plates, forks, knives and some other objects. There are photo frames and a switchboard are attached to the wall. On the right side of the image, there is a curtain. On the left side of the image, there is a door, window and another curtain. At the top of the image, there is a chandelier hanging to the ceiling.
In the foreground of this image, there are chairs, a table on which there are few papers, an object on the right, fireplace on which there are flower vases, lantern and few objects and we can also see a cupboard and two frames on the wall.
In this picture we can see few trees, flowers and grass.
In the foreground, I can see grass, some metal objects, buildings, the trees and fleets of air crafts on the road. And I can see some objects. In the background, I can see the blue sky.
In this image there is a kid and two people walking, beside them there are concrete structures, bikes, metal rod fence, in the background of the image there are buildings with metal rod balconies, lamps and closed shutter shops.
In the given image i can see people,table filled with books,racks,boxes,lockers,door,air conditioner,pole and some other objects.
This image consists of a kitchen. The cupboards are made up of wood. On the right, we can see a stove. On the left, there is a stool and a basket along with two flower pots. At the top, there is a roof along with light. At the bottom, there is a floor mat on the floor. On the left, there is a window.
In the image there are two beds and in between the beds there are two cabinets, on those cabinets there are lamps. In the background there is a wall and there is a photo frame attached to the wall, on the left side there is a curtain.
Here we can see a conference room with tables and chairs. It also has a display on the wall.
In this image, we can see boats and ships on the water and there is a person sitting on the bridge and we can see lights. At the top, there are clouds in the sky.
In this picture there is a person standing and holding the wooden wall. In the foreground there is a wooden house. At the bottom there is grass and there is ground.
In this picture we see an island surrounded by water and trees.
In this image we can see a sign board, pole, dustbin and blue color rectangular shape metal box on the pavement. At the bottom of the image, we can see the road. In the background, we can see dry trees, buildings, plants and boards.
In this image I can see a bed in the centre and on it I can see a blanket. Near the bed I can see a table and on it I can see a lamp. On the top side of the image I can see a frame on the wall.
In this picture we can see houses beside the road, where we can see shops, there is text on top of shop, there is black gate, there are glass windows to the houses.
In this image there are trees in the left and right corner. There are plants and people in the foreground. There is a building in the background. There are plants at the bottom. And There is a sky at the top.
In this image there is a dry grass at the bottom. There are small plants in the foreground. And there is a sky at the top.
In this image i can see the table and few objects on it, there are two chairs, behind that i can see the curtains, on the left i can see mirror on the wall, at the bottom i can see the floor.
This is a picture taken inside of a room, in this image in the center there are beds and there is a chair, wall and we could see windows. And it looks like there is a wooden object on the right side, and there is a pillar it seems on the right side. And on the left side also it looks like there are beds and wooden objects, at the bottom there is floor.
In this image, we can see some shed in the water. There are boats floating on the water. There are some trees in the middle of the image.
In this image in the front there is a sofa and on the sofa there is a cushion. In the background there is a cup board and inside the cupboard there are clothes hanging and there are purses and baskets and there are footwears. On the wall there is a frame and there are drawers in the center.
In this picture we can see inside the view of living room, where we can see sofa with pillows, in front there is coffee table with glass and top there is flower pot, beside there are lights, wooden floor, glass windows, out side there is sea, trees, plants, top there is sky.
In this picture we can see a tall building with Taj Mahal written on it.
In this image there are a few people standing and there is a person sitting on the chair. On the stage there are some objects. In the background of the image there is a wall. On top of the image there are lights.
In this image there is a vehicle parked in front of a building, at the top of the image there are cables, beside the building there are bushes and a dried tree and name boards on the building, in front of the car there is a sign board, water pipe and two objects on the snow surface and there is a road.
In this picture I can see a restroom. I can see the mirror on the wall, those are looking like napkins. I can see a wash basin, a toilet seat and I can see a dustbin on the right side. I can see a toilet paper, it looks like a brush to the wall in the back and I can see the window at the top right corner and I can see the wall in the back.
In this image we can see ploughed land, grass, bushes, plants and trees.
In this image in the center there are cars on the road. In the background there are poles and on the poles there are flags, there are buildings, there are persons standing and sitting and walking and there are boards with some text written on it and on the wall of the building there is some text written and there are trees.
In this image there are sheds. On the right there is a tower. At the bottom we can see grass. In the background there are trees and sky.
In this image we can see water, sun, sky, clouds and mountains.
In this image I can see a lamp and some other objects on the table. On the right side, I can see a bed.
At the bottom of the image, there is a road. In the background there are buildings, vehicles, pillars, trees, poles with lamps and few other things. At the top of the image there is sky.
As we can see in the image there is wall, few lights, photo frame and table. In the background there are buildings.
In this image, we can see vehicles on the road and there is a person. In the background, there are trees, poles along with wires, boards with text, buildings, plants and there are lights. At the top, there is sky.
In this image, we can see stairs, chairs, a railing, a door, a light and there are some objects on the table. We can see walls. There is a carpet on the floor and we can see some other objects.
In this image we can see building with windows and shutters. There is a road. Also we can see sidewalk with bollards. And there are scooters. In the background we can see trees.
In this image I can see a sofa. There is a mattress. I can see a cupboard. There is a window. At the top a fan is hanged to the ceiling.
In this image, I see water at the center with stones and sand on either sides of it and I see a bridge with tunnels under it. In the background I see few rocks and a clear sky at the top.
On the right side of the image there are two people standing in the water. Behind them there is a boy swimming. In the background of the image there is a waterfall on the rocks. There are plants, trees.
In this picture I can see green grass. I can see the building in the middle of the image. I can see trees. I can see sitting chair on the right side. I can see the sky at the top.
At the bottom of the image there is water. In the background there is sky with clouds.
In this image, we can see buildings, trees, railings, windows, stairs, boards with text and there is a car. At the top, there is sky.
In this image we can see chairs and a table. There is snow. And there is railing. And there are few other objects. In the background there are trees and a building.
In this image, I can see a tub on a washing machine. At the bottom left corner of the image, there is a pipe on an object. I can see the vessels and a kettle on an induction stove and there are bottles, plastic bag and few other things on the racks. At the top of the image, I can see the bowls on the cupboards.
In this picture we can see a microwave oven and some objects in the racks. At the bottom of the rack, there is a cable and some objects. On the left side of the image, there is a cupboard and a wall. At the bottom right corner of the image, there is a watermark.
In this image I can see a brown gate. And there is a white and gray wall and there is red color in the center.
In this image, there are glass items and a flower vase arranged on a red color sheet which placed on a table. Around this table, there are chairs arranged on a mat. Above them, there are lights attached to a roof. In the background, there are white wall, a mirror and other objects.
In the foreground of this image, there is a woman standing holding a tray. In front of her, there is a painting board. Behind it, there is a glass wall of a building and remaining are not clear.
In this image there are some boards, on the boards there is an art and one person is walking. And on the right side there is a pipe and there is text on the wall, at the bottom there is floor and on the left side there are some objects. At the top there is ceiling lights and some objects.
In this picture I can see the rocks in the foreground. It is looking like a hill on the left side. I can see the sky at the top.
In this image there are buildings, trees, poles, street light, vehicles. At the bottom there is road and also there are some boards, at the top there is sky.
This image consists of many chairs. At the bottom, there is floor. On the right, there is a dais and we can see the stools. On the left, there are stands and we can see the doors. At the top, there is a roof along with the lights. In the background, there is a wall.
In this image, we can see trash bins in front of the wall. There are grills on the right side of the image. There are some plants at the top of the image. There is a drum and bottle on the left side of the image.
In the picture we can see a runway of the airport surface and in the middle of it, we can see a vehicle and a man walking near it and far away from it, we can see a flight is parked and near to it, we can see some vehicles are parked and behind it we can see a port building and in the background we can see the hills and the sky.
In this picture we can see an inside view of a shed, on the right side there is a vehicle, there are some metal rods on the left side.
In the picture we can see inside view of the bedroom with two beds and in the middle of the beds we can see lamp on the table and on the other side of the bed also we can see a lamp on the table and near the bed we can see a cupboard and near it we can see part of the window with glass and a curtain beat it.
In this picture in the front there are persons standing. In the center there is grass on the ground and on the left side there is a castle. On the right side there is a wall and there's grass on the ground and there are trees and the sky is cloudy. In the background there are buildings and there is a board with some text written on it.
In this image we can see the bed, chairs, cushions, lamp, television, flower vase and also the house plants. We can also see the bath tub, the table and on the table we can see a plate of food items, a wine bottle, glasses and also the wall. On the right we can see the lamp with the stand. We can also see the window, curtains and through the window we can see the buildings and also the sky. We can also see the ceiling.
This is inside view of a room. We can see pillows and bed sheet on a bed, sofa, chair, objects on a table, laptop and flower vase on the another table, frames on the wall, windows, curtains, lamp on a stand, lights hanging to the ceiling and on the left side there is a light on a wooden object.
In this image, I see a man standing on a green grass field while wearing a glove and holding a golf stick in his hand with a ball and few objects placed on the field. In the background I see a road way, large group of trees, few hills and a clear sky at the top.
In this image we can see toilet, shower, taps, tissues and door.
In this image we can see the walls, surface, ceiling and also some other objects. On the right we can see the pillar.
In this image I can see the road. To the side of the road I can see the poles and the buildings. In the background I can see the mountains and the sky.
In this image I can see a road, buildings and windows with iron grilles. Also there are plants, people, name boards and also iron sheds.
In the foreground of this image, there is a bed, few white clothes and pillows. Behind it, there is a window, curtain, wall, few objects and a white object on the left.
In this picture we can see a person holding drums and another person holding some instrument. People are standing on the grass surrounded by trees.
This image is taken from inside. In this image there are tables and chairs are arranged, on the left side of the image there is a rack with some objects arranged. In the background there are glass windows through which we can see there are trees, beside that there is a closed door. At the top of the image there is a ceiling.
In this picture I can see a walkway there is a lighthouse on the right and there is a building and in the background there is a pole with the flag on the right side and a tree on the right side and there are clouds in the sky.
In this image we can see a house with door and windows. Also there are steps. Near to the house there are plants. In the background there is sky.
In this image we can see a roof, walls, a door, window, lights, floor and railing.
In this image we can see bed with pillows. Also we can see frame with painting on the wall. There is a lamp and some other objects on the wall. Also we can see a design cot. On the floor we can see carpet.
In this image we can see doors, a wall and ceiling.
This is a petrol bunk and we can see poles, boards, trees, plants, some posters on the glass doors and there are railings. At the top, there is sky and at the bottom, there is a road.
In this image, I can see a cloth on a bed and there is a television in a cupboard. I can see a flower vase. On the right side of the image, I can see a room with a couch, wardrobe and a door. On the left side of the image, I can see another room with wooden objects, bag and a door.
In this picture I can see trees and grass on the ground and I can see bench and text at the bottom right corner of the picture and I can see sky.
In this image we can see the blinds, cupboards, counter and also the floor.
In this image we can see two beds and a table. There is a frame on the wall. We can see a switchboard on the wall. There is a window and curtains in the right top of the image. We can see floor at the bottom of the image. We can see pillows on the legs.
In this picture we can see two people on the ground and in the background we can see a building, air conditioners.
In the foreground of the image we can see a big glass building and a street light. In the middle of the object we can see a big glass building, traffic signal, two boards, a pole and a text written on the building. On the top of the image we can see the sky.
This picture seems to be clicked inside the room. In the center we can see a man wearing shirt, tie and seems to be sitting. In the background we can see the table and the cabinets containing boxes and books and we can see some other items in the background.
In this image we can see trees and houses. At the bottom of the image, we can see the grassy land. In the background, we can see the mountains and greenery. At the top of the image, we can see the sky.
In this image I can see few trees in green color. In the background I can see few mountains covered with snow and the sky is in blue color.
In this picture it looks like a kitchen. I can see a refrigerator, wash basin, a gas stove. I can see an oven at the bottom and a microwave oven at the top. I can see few items and it looks like a flower pot on the countertop, few draws and a cupboard and I can see the lights to the ceiling at looks like a photo frame on the wall on the left side.
In the middle of the picture, it looks like a bed and we see the pillows. At the bottom, we see the floor. On either side of the picture, we see a wall. On the right side, we see a switch, an object and a photo frame are placed on the wall. On the left side, we see a white color object. In the background, we see a window. Behind that, we see the trees. At the top, we see a light, ceiling of the room and the clothes in yellow and maroon color.
In the image there are many buildings and in the background there is a sky.
In this image, there are four persons sitting on the chairs and a woman standing. I can see a keyboard, telephone, mouse, papers and a screen on a table. There is a television attached to the wall. At the top of the image, I can see the ceiling. At the bottom of the image, I can see a carpet.
This is the picture of a room. In the foreground there are pillows on the bed. On the right side of the image there is a wardrobe and there is a lamp on the table. On the left side of the image there is a lamp and there is a telephone and there is an object on the table and there is a plant. At the back there is a mirror and there is a frame on the wall and there is a reflection of curtain on the mirror. At the bottom there is a mat on the floor.
In this image I can see many trees and the mountains. I can see the mountains covered with the snow. In the background I can see the clouds and the sky.
In this image on the right side and left side there are buildings, and we could see windows, railing, lights on the building and antenna. And there are some plants and wall and at the bottom there is grass and floor, and in the background also there are plants, windows and at the top of the image there is sky there are some pipes on the wall and objects on the left side.
In this image i can see the buildings, in front of it there are few plants, beside that there is a wall, near that i can see few trees, at the top i can see the sky with clouds.
In this image on the left side I can see a bed and a window. On right side, I can see some object on the table and a door. At the top I can see the light.
This picture is blur, in this picture we can see vehicles on the road, guard rail and trees. In the background of the image we can see the sky.
This is a blurred picture. In this picture we can see a bed frame with a bed, pillows and a blanket. In the background we can see windows, curtains and the wall. On the left side of the picture we can see a table, chair and we can see books in a rack. We can see a lamp on the wall. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor. On the right side of the picture we can see a white object.
In this image I can see few couches with pillows. To the left I can see the lamp, flower vase and few objects on the table. To the right I can see the frame and there is a piano. In the background I can see the plant and I can see the candle stands on the wall. I can see the fireplace. I can see the curtain to the window. There are lights at the top.
In this image there are lamp posts, trees and buildings. At the top of the image there is the sky.
In this picture I can observe train in the middle of the picture. On the right side there are some cars moving on the road. In the background there are trees, buildings and sky.
In this picture I can see that is carpet on the floor, there are couches and chairs with a table and a center table placed with some objects on it. I can see a dining table on the right, a plant on the right side and there is a glass window on the left and on the right side there are few buildings visible from the glass windows and I can see the sky.
In the picture I can see the cockpit.
In the image I can see the view of a place where we have some electric machines and also I can see a table and some notes with some text.
In this image I can see a bed, window, wall painting on a wall and chandelier. This image is taken may be in a room.
In this picture I can see vehicles on the road. I can see a walkway. I can see green grass. I can see trees on the left side and right side. I can see the buildings on the right side. I can see the traffic light pole. I can see the sky is clear.
In this image we can see wooden benches and wall. At the bottom of the image there is wooden flooring.
In the image I can see the picture of a room where we have a sofa and a sculpture which is in the shape of a bird and also I can see some lamps.
In this picture we can see a sofa with a pillow, cloth on it, carpet on the floor, tables with books, statue, pot on it, stands, flower vase, glass, windows with curtains and some objects.
In the image I can see the picture of a room in which there are some tables and some objects and also I can see some paintings on the wall.
In this image we can see many books arranged on the racks. We can also see the cupboards, monitor, keyboard, mouse, CPU and also the wires. We can also see the table with the chairs. We can see the pens, doors, floor, cc camera and also the ceiling and the lights.
This is an inside view of a house. Here we can see wall, glass windows, flags, stick, posters, frames, pillar, stand and floor. On the right side of the image, we can see bulbs.
In this image we can see the road. And we can see the trees on either side. And we can see the hills. And we can see the clouds in the sky.
This image consists of a shop in which we can see two women. In the background, there are food items and we can see a fridge in which there are bottles. In the front, there is a desk. At the top, we can see a light to the roof. In the background, there are boards.
In the picture I can see the snow, cars, house, a group of trees and some written text on the boards.
In this image, we can see plants, trees, walkways and poles. In the background, we can see houses, trees and sky.
In this image, we can see some moss on rocks. There is a waterfall in the middle of the image.
This image is taken indoors. At the top of the image there is a roof. We can see the ceiling fan. At the bottom of the image there is the floor. There are two wooden objects. On the left side of the image we can see the railings. In the middle of the image we can see the walls and windows. Through the windows we can see the sky and there are many trees. There is an object on the floor.
In the image we can see grass, fence, building and the sky.
In this picture we can see clothes, flowers and objects on beds, pot on stool, flower petals in bathtub, plants, jugs and objects on the table. We can see windows, wall, lights, flowers in a vase, candles on shelf and floor. At the top of the image we can see fan.
In this image on the right, I can see the skeleton of Dinosaur. On the left side I can see the pillars. I can also see two people.
In this image, we can see an inside view of a building. There is a countertop and cupboard on the left side of the image. There is a window in the middle of the image. There are doors on the right side of the image. There is a ceiling at the top of the image.
In this image I can see an open grass ground and on the right side I can see a black colour board. I can also see something is written on the board. In the background can see two trees, a building, clouds and the sky. In the centre of the image I can see something is written on the building.
This is an inside view of a room. In the room there is a bed with pillows on it. And there are tables with flower vases. And also there is a cupboard. In the background there is a wall with a window and a curtain. And also there is a photo frame. At the bottom of the image there is a floor.
In this picture we can see many storage tanks placed on a wooden floor.
In this image we can see a bed with the pillows. We can also see the table, wall, floor and also the door. We can also see the path.
In this picture I can see the sitting chairs and a wooden table in the foreground. I can see the hanging light at the top. I can see the wooden cupboard on the left side. I can see the Venetian Blinds on the right side.
In the foreground of this image, there is a bed on the right, a lamp on a table on the left, doors, chair, frame, flower pot, lamp, desk, wall, depiction stars, fan, window blind and the curtain.
This picture describes about inside view of a room, in the room we can see a laptop papers and other things on the table, beside the table we can see a machine and a frame on the wall, in the background we can see few trees.
In front of the image there are plants and flowers. There are lights, buildings. On the left side of the image there is a wall. At the top of the image there is sky.
In the foreground of the image, I can see plants, dried grass, the trees, some object and green plants in farms. At the top of the image, I can see the blue sky.
In this image we can see there are pillows on the chairs. There is a laptop, pen holder and objects on the table. There are files under the table. There is a flower vase on the table. There are files, boxes and objects on the rack. There is a glass window.
This image consists of plants and trees. In the background, there are mountains. At the top, there is sky. In the middle, there is water.
In this picture we can see a closed stadium where many girls are playing a game.
In this image I can see in the middle there are chairs, on the right side there are items on the shelves. On the left side there is a window.
In this picture we can see the inside view of a building. Inside the building, there are some objects. At the top of the image, there are ceiling lights. On the right side of the image, it looks like a pillar.
This is an inside view of an architecture. In this picture we can see the frames on the walls, a table tennis, chairs with a cloth and a table with a few things. We can see the ceiling light. We can see the hanging lights, rods, windows, glass doors, window blinds and other things in an architecture. We can see the text in the bottom left.
In the given image i can see a building and some text written on it,cars,windows,poles,boards,door and some other objects.
In this image we can see tables, chair and stool. On the table, we can see frame, books and some objects. In the background, we can see the bottles and wall.
In this picture we can see a highway-road between mountains.
In this image we can see there is a window, walls, pipe and rods. There is a floor.
In this image I can see few people are standing and I can see all of them are wearing glasses and face masks. I can also see a chair in the centre and on it I can see one person is sitting. In the background I can see a table, few papers on the wall, a stand, a light and on the table I can see a spray bottle, few boxes and few other stuffs. On the top right side of the image I can see few lights on the ceiling.
In this picture we can see many desks, computer systems, chairs and boards. Here we can see a man standing.
In this picture we can see a man and a woman standing near the seashore. They are posing. On the left side of the picture we can see a person sitting on the ground. We can see the wall, railing and we can see mosses on a hill. There are birds flying in the air. In the background we can see the sea and the sky.
In the image I can see tiles, western toilet, taps, sink, glass window and few objects.
In this image we can see door, sinks, taps, mirrors, lights, cupboards, mats and wall.
In this picture we can see the clothes with hanging rods, shelves and drawers. We can see the garments, photo frames, bags, footwear, bottles, decorative items and some objects on the shelves. We can see the walls, wooden objects and other things in an architecture.
In this image I can see a bathroom. I can see a mirror and a window.
In this image we can see there is a wash basin, refrigerator, microwave oven and stove. There are cupboards. There are objects in the cupboards.
In this picture we can see a river surrounded by coconut trees and other plants.
In this image I can see the tree and the building with railing and windows. I can also see the clock to the building. In the background I can see the clouds and the sky.
In this picture I can observe some people in front of the computers placed on the table. In the background I can observe poster and wall.
In this picture I can see number of people on the floor. In the background, I can see the wall. On the top of this picture, I can see the lights.
In this image we can see sofas, table, carpet, lamps, plants, windows, wall, mirrors, frame, fireplace, ceiling, lights, and other objects.
In the foreground I can see a table and chairs on the floor. In the background I can see a wall painting on a wall, mirror, chandelier and rooftop. This image is taken may be in a hall.
In this image there is a bed, on that bed there are blankets and a toy, in the background there is a wall, for that wall there are posters.
In the middle of this image, there is a helicopter on a helipad, on which there are white color lines and a light arranged. In the background, there is a building, mountains and there are clouds in the sky.
In this image I can see a vehicle, fencing , plants, grass, cables, poles and in the background there is sky.
In this image there is some kind of huge building. At the bottom right side of the image there is some kind of shed. At the bottom left side of the image there is a field of grass. There is some kind of object in front of the huge building and in the center of the walkway. There are many people here and there. In the background there is sky.
This image consists of a building along with windows and doors. At the bottom, there is grass on the ground. In the front, we can see small walls. On the right, there are pillars. At the top, there are clouds in the sky. On the left, there is a dustbin and we can see the water. On the right, it looks like there are trees.
In this image I can see water and I can also see building, grass, tree, some object and in the background I can see sky.
In this image we can see sea shore. In the back there is hill. Also there is sky.
In this image, there is railing at the bottom. In the middle, there is a sculpture, many paintings on the wall and an arch at the top.
In this image there are trees, buildings, vehicles, lamp posts, poles, post box, flags, boards and some other objects. On the left side of the image there is a person sitting in the vehicle. There are traffic lights on the poles. There are people. There are some dried leaves on the surface. At the top of the image there is sky.
In this image we can see a bed. There is a person sitting on a chair. To the right side of the image there is a TV and other objects on the table. In the background of the image there is a wall with posters on it.
This is an outside view. Here I can see many vehicles on the road and few people are walking on the footpath. On both sides of the road there are many buildings and light poles. On the right side there is a traffic signal pole. At the top of the image I can see the sky.
In foreground road. In the middle cars, some persons are walking, traffic signal and some text. On the top building and AC.
This image consists of green grass on the ground. And we can see two objects on the ground. In the background, there are trees, At the top, there is sky.
In this picture I can see a washing machine and a dishwasher and I can see a microwave oven on the counter top and I can see doors and a glass window.
This image is taken indoors. At the top of the image there is a ceiling with a light. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. In the ground there is a wall and there is a door with a window blind. On the left side of the image there are a few cupboards. There is a kitchen platform with sinks and a tap. On the right side of the image there are many cupboards. There is a chimney and there is a kitchen platform with a stove and an oven.
In this image I can see there is a building and it has windows. There is a clock on the tower, there is a tree at the right side and the sky is clear.
In this image we can see vehicles on the road. There are light poles, trees and arch with boards. On the ground there is grass. In the background we can see hill and sky.
In this image, I see double beds with a steel ladder and few blankets placed on the beds, on the floor I see a travel bag with wheels under it. In the background I see a window and wall, through the window I see trees, building and a clear sky.
in front of the image there is a man standing and he is holding a gun in his hand. Behind him there are many guns.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky. At the bottom of the image there is a road. In the middle of the image there are a few buildings. There are a few boards with text on them. There are a few sign boards. A few vehicles are parked on the road and a few people are walking on the sidewalk.
In this image we can see the china wall, stairs, rocks, trees and also the buildings. We can also see the sky.
In this image there is a sofa, a chair and a lamp on the right side. There is a TV and a table on the left side. There are sceneries on the wall. There is a door on the left side. There are windows. There is a play table.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky with clouds. In the middle of the image there is a pond with water. In the background there are many trees and plants with leaves, stems and branches. At the bottom of the image there is a ground with grass on it.
At the bottom of this image, there is water. In the background, there are buildings, poles, plants, a bridge, a tower and the sky.
In this picture we can see four small boys playing in the colorful balls. In the front we can see the black net.
In this image I can see the satires. To the left I can see the wall. To the right I can also see the wall. In the background I can see the door and there are lights at the top.
This picture is taken in a cloth store it seems, in this image there are different colors of clothes which are hanging too hangers. And there are some stands, wooden objects and we could see wall which is white in color. And it looks like there are pillars which are yellow in color, and at the bottom there is floor.
This image there are chimneys, trees and there is a tower and on the tower there are wires.
In this image, I see couple of cars on the road, besides them I see few steel poles with boards on it. In the background I see group of trees and green grass field.
This picture is clicked outside. In the foreground we can see the group of people. In the center we can see the railings, plants and some other objects and we can see the stairway, lampposts and the buildings and lights. In the background we can see the sky, trees and some other items.
This picture is an inside view of a kitchen. In the center of the image we can see a table, chairs. On the table we can see the glasses, tissue papers, bowls and some other objects. In the background of the image we can see the cupboards, stove, vessels, refrigerator, containers, board on the wall, door, garbage bin, table and some other objects. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor, door mat, carpet, couch and pillows. At the top of the image we can see the roof. Through the door we can see the trees and sky.
The picture consists of sink, basin, bathtub, window and wall. This is a picture of a washroom.
As we can see in the image there is a rack. In the rock there are few books and a board. On the books and on the board there is something written.
In this picture we can see machines with pipes. On the left side of the picture we can see a black object on the wall. We can see a ladder. At the bottom of the image we can see an object on a machine.
In this picture we can see a tree house on the sand. There are many children playing in it. Behind we can see many trees.
In this image there is a sand and wall in the left corner. There is vehicle in the foreground. There is a wall in the background. There is a road at the bottom. And there is a roof at the top.
In this image, I can see a building and there are rocks on the ground. In the background, I can see the trees, hills and there is the sky.
In a hall there are empty tables and chairs, in between the tables there are pillars and in the background there are doors, windows and some equipment.
In this image we can see a building with arches and pillars. At the top there is an object. On the wall there is some other object.
This is the picture of a room. In the foreground there is a sofa and there is a chair and there is a light and there is a table and there are frames on the wall. At the bottom there is a floor.
In this image, we can see an inside view of a building. There are pillars in the middle of the image.
In the picture I can see vehicles on the ground, lights on the wall and ceiling. In the background I can see a building and some other objects.
This is an inside view of a building. In the foreground, I can see platforms, a fence and some objects. In the background, I can see doors, some posters on a wall. On which I can see depictions. And I can see a chandelier hanging on a rooftop and I can see lights, wires, curtains and some objects.
In this image there is a bed and wad-robe. There are cupboards and table on the right side. There is a chair. There is wooden flooring and the scenery on the left side wall.
In this image we can see there is a temple. On the left side there is a shed. On the right side there is a shed. In the bottom right corner there is a date and time. In the background we can see the sky.
In the image there is a sink and in front of the sink there is a mirror, on the left side there is a basket and in the background there is a wall, there is a towel kept on the rod that is attached to the wall, in the foreground there is a door on the right side.
In this image I can see in the bottom right hand side there are two persons, at the top the are trees. In the middle there are stones.
In this image we can see houses, trees, light poles. There are cars on the road. There is a person standing. At the top of the image there is sky.
In the foreground of this image, there are many chairs and a curtain on the left and we can also see few boards, frames on the wall, lights to ceiling and curtains in the background.
In this picture we can see the gaming machines, table tennis with a net, a platform, other tables, stools, decorative items, banners with text and images. We can see the light, glass windows and another platform in the bottom right. We can see table tennis bats and other objects in an architecture.
In the center of the image there is a wall, roof, sofa, bed, blankets, chairs, tables, lamps, curtains and a few other objects.
In this image we can see a group of people standing on the ground, some people are holding objects in their hands. In the foreground of the image we can see a woman and a man sitting on a bench, a plant in a pot, fence and some lights on pole. On the left side of the image we can see some statues. In the center of the image we can see buildings with windows, cross. On the right side of the image we can see a statue, group of trees. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
In this image we can see the metal frame with some cables. On the left and right side of the image we can see a group of trees. At the bottom of the image we can see the grass. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
In this picture I can observe two women on the left side. In the middle of the picture I can observe buildings. On the right side I can observe plant in the plant pot.
In this picture we can see tables, chairs on the floor, here we can see shelves, books, wall and some objects and in the background we can see a roof, lights.
In this image, we can see lights, rods, grilles and there are walls. At the bottom, there is a floor.
At the bottom of this image, there are plants and grass on the ground. In the middle of this image, there is a shelter having a roof. On the left side of this image, there are trees and a pole. In the background, there are other trees, a thread and the sky.
In this image we can see a shoe mart and in the shoe mart there are some shoes of different models and we can also see some other different colors and models of bags are in the racks and on the racks we can see some lights and left hand side there is a white color table and on the table there are some papers and some frames with some text and pictures and on the right hand side there is a window and on the window there is a black color bag and we can also see the black color wall and on the left hand side top corner of the image we can see some text.
In this image I can see a white colored table on which I can see few papers, a book, two candles on the candle stands and a laptop. I can see few couches, few cushions, the wall, a frame attached to the wall and few other objects.
In This image on the left side there is a mirror and in the middle there is towel hanged and at the bottom there is tissue paper.
In this image in the center there are buildings and we could see windows and there are different colors of flags in the center, and at the bottom there are curtains on the left side which are white in color and objects. And in the center there are some objects which are not clear, and there are some plants. On the right side of the image it looks like there are gates and some objects, and there is dark background and and we could see text on the right side of the image on the tent like object and there is a board. On the board there is text and there is something, at the top we could see a roof of the building.
In this picture we can see a store with windows and boards. We can see vehicles on the road. We can see a person standing. We can see boards, trash cans, snow on the road. We can see traffic signal lights, light poles, trees and in the background we can see the sky. On the right side of the picture we can see people. We can see a person wearing a black jacket and a cap.
In this image we can see a white color bad, two white color pillow, we can also see a carpeted floor, two lights, a wooden table, a wooden chair, a desk, a flower vase with flowers, a wooden bench, so many books in shelves, a glass window with wooden frame, a carpet on the white color wall. In background we can see a grassland and some trees and a clear blue sky.
In this image in the center there are shelves and in the shelves there are some boxes, cardboard boxes and it looks like there are some bottles, papers, books and objects. And on the right side of the image there is a ladder and pipe and in the background there is wall, and on the shelves also there are some cardboard boxes. And on the left side of the image there are boxes and there is wall and objects, and it looks like there are some rods. And at the top it looks like there is ceiling.
This is a blurred picture. In this picture we can see house plants, few objects and a floor carpet on the floor. We can see a dressing table with drawers, vases and a houseplant. We can see a few objects on it. In the background we can see the wall, a door and a curtain. We can see a cupboard with drawers.
In the center of the image there is road. There are vehicles on the road. There are people walking. In the background of the image there are buildings. In the background of the image there are buildings, trees, light poles, sky and clouds.
In this image there are a few vehicles passing on the road, beside the road on the pavement there are pedestrians walking and there are lamp posts, trees, beside the pavement there are buildings, at the top of the image there are clouds in the sky.
In this image there is a wall, buildings and trees in the left and right corner. There is a building, chairs, small plants in the foreground. There is a floor at the bottom. And there is a sky at the top.
In this picture I can see a bathtub on the left side. I can see the shower. I can see tiles on the wall. I can see a window on the left side.
In the center of the image we can see the tents. In the background of the image we can see the buildings, windows, vehicles, poles, lights, boards, umbrella, railing, tables and some people are sitting on the chairs. On the left side of the image we can see some people are walking on the footpath and some of them are standing and also we can see the poles and firehose. At the bottom of the image we can see the road. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
This image is taken indoors. At the top of the image there is a roof. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. In the background there are two walls. There are two windows and a door with window blinds. There are two paintings on walls. On the left side of the image there is a couch with a few pillows on it. There is a lamp. In the middle of the image there are two tables with a few things on them.
In this image we can see a building, windows, door. At the bottom of the image there is floor. To the right side of the image there is a table.
In this image I can see some objects on wooden floor and I can also see small open cupboard, some items, windows, glasses and wall and the background is blurry.
This image is taken indoors. In the background there is a wall with a picture frame and a mirror on it. There is a window with a window blind. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. In the middle of the image there are two beds and two lamps. On the left side of the image there is a stool.
In this picture we can see buildings with shops, where we can see text on boards and top we can see glass windows with curtains, in front there are some people walking in front of shops, beside there is road and top there is clear sky.
This image consists of boards, shops, poles, lights, buildings and the sky. This image is taken may be during night on the road.
In this image I can see some people on the Escalator.
In this image, I see a table on the left, on the right side I see micro wave oven with a cloth placed on a steel handle, at the bottom I see washing machine and a mat on the floor, on the table I see few objects and a water sink with a tap on it, at the top I see wooden cupboards with few objects placed on it. In the background I see doors with some object placed on it.
This picture is taken inside of a room, in the image in the center there is a bed and on the bed there are some blankets and pillows. And on the right side and left side there are cupboards, flowers and it looks like there is a flower pot, photo frame and objects. And on the left side there is a lamp and photo frames and objects, at the bottom there is floor and there is a carpet on the floor and there are curtains in the center and in the background there is wall.
In this picture, we see the pool tables. Behind that, we see a game and chairs. Beside that, we see a garbage bin and a white door. Behind that, we see a white wall on which a photo frame is placed. Beside that, we see a window blind and a glass door. On the left side, we see the chairs and a wall. In the background, we see the chairs, tables and windows from which we can see the buildings. At the top, we see the lights and the ceiling of the room.
In this image people are walking on the road. Right side there is a person holding a bag. Both sides of the road there is a fence on the grass land. There are street lights on the grassland having plants and trees. Background there are buildings. Top of the image there is sky with some clouds.
In this image there is a table with the chairs. There is water and the grass. On the right side there are trees. In the background there are mountains. In the middle there is a tree with the white color flowers.
In this image in the center there is a wooden cupboard and tile and there is a washbasin, tap, bottle, flowers, pot and some object. And in the center it looks like there is a mirror, and on the mirror we could see door, wall, curtains, window and objects. On the left side there is a window it seems, on the right side there is a toilet and white color curtain and there is wall and objects. On the wall there is a board, on the board there is text it seems and on the mirror we could see ceiling at the top.
At the bottom of the picture, it looks like the wooden poles and we see the water. On the right side, it looks like a duck is swimming in the water. There are trees, the sky and the sun in the background. This picture might be a photo frame.
In this image we can see an inner view of a shop. On the right side of the image there is a mirror and chair. In the mirror we can see some reflections. On the left side of the image there are some clothes hanged in a row and some other objects. In the background of the image there are some clothes hanged and some other objects. At the bottom of the image there is the floor. At the top of the image there is the roof.
In this picture we can see vehicles on the road, here we can see a traffic cone, trees, poles and some objects and in the background we can see buildings, sky.
In this image we can see windows, pillars, building. At the bottom of the image we can see chairs, tables and iron bars.
In this picture I can see a building, few trees. It looks like water and I can see the sky, it is a blurry image.
This image is taken indoors. In the background there is a cupboard with many books and objects. On the left side of the image there are a few gift boxes on the table. At the bottom of the image there is a table with a few things on it. In the middle of the image three women are standing and they are with smiling faces.
In this image, I see concrete floor with few trees, stones and some water around it, beside it I see another concrete floor with few stones around it. In the background I see a boat in the water and a clear sky at the top.
At the bottom of this image, there are stones and a trunk of a tree on the ground. In the middle of this image, there are plants, fence, grass, a building and other objects on the ground. In the background, there are mountains and there are clouds in the sky.
This is an inside view of a building. And there are poles, railings, glass doors, chairs and few other things. And also there are walls. At the top of the image there is a ceiling with lights.
Here in this picture, on the right side we can see a staircase with side railing present over a place and on the left side we can see a table and chairs present in a room and we can see lights present on the roof.
In this image we can see a snooker table with some balls on it which is placed on the floor. We can also see a television and some photo frames on a wall, a table and some ceiling lights to a roof.
In the image, inside a room there is a bed with pillows and blanket on it. Beside the bed there is a table with a lamp on it. In the background there are walls with windows, curtains, a photo frame and few other things. At the top of the image there is a fan. At the bottom of the image there is a mat. On the left side of the image there are leaves and an object.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky. At the bottom of the image there is a pond with water. In the background there are many trees and plants with leaves, stems and branches. In the middle of the image there is an arch. On the left side of the image there is a house and a man is standing on the ground. There are a few rocks.
In this picture we can see the inside view of a building. There are chairs, a table and a carpet. There is a flower vase on the table. On the right side of the image, there is a television, houseplant, photo frame and a basket in the racks. On the left side of the image there is a clock, decorative plant and some other objects. Behind the chairs, there are windows. Behind the windows, there is grass. At the top of the image, there is a light hanging to the ceiling.
In this picture we can see the inside view of a church, where we can see benches to sit and in front there are two lights, flower pot, top cross symbol and decoration lights and fans.
In the picture I can see the speed indicating meters of an aircraft.
In this image I can able to see food items with price and name boards in a display refrigerator. Also there are tissues and some other food items on top of the refrigerator.
In this picture I can see buildings, there are vehicles, there are trees, and in the background there is the sky.
In front of the picture, we see the brown color doors and the candle stands on which the candles are placed. On the left side, it looks like a white curtain. On the right side, we see a curtain, lamp, an object which looks like a pillow and a black color object. At the top, we see a chandelier. Behind that, it looks like the stained glass. In the background, we see the trees. At the top, we see a wall in white color.
In this image we can see a toilet seat. There is a sink. There is a wall with a light and a mirror. At the bottom of the image there is floor. In the foreground of the image there is door.
In this image, there are chairs arranged around a table. Above them, there are lights. On the left side of this image, there is an object. On the right side of this image, there is a wall. In the background, there are windows, a curtain and a wall. Through this window, we can see there are trees and plants.
In this image we can see a chair, houseplant, mop, pipes, basket and a light with the stand. We can also see the surface, brick wall and also some other objects.
In this image I can see road and I can also see grass, plants, red and white color item and some other objects and in the background I can see building with roof and some text printed on it, windows, glasses, poles, small room, sand and sky.
In this image in the center there is a vehicle, and in the vehicle it seems that there is one person and there are bags and also there are some bikes and there are groups of people and also it looks like there is a pavement and some scrap on the road. At the bottom there is road and on the left side there is one person who is wearing spectacles, and in the background there are buildings. And on the left side there are some boards it seems, on the boards there is text and depiction of objects and there are air conditioners and grills and also we could see railing and wall and some objects. And there is a pole and board, on the board there is text and in the center there are glass doors, gates, boards, air conditioner. On the boards there is text and on the right side of the image there is a board, flower pots, plants, railing and it looks like there is a store and some people, boards and some objects.
In the middle of the picture, we see the wooden poles or the wooden sticks. Behind that, we see the buildings which look like the factories. There are trees in the background. At the bottom, we see the trees. At the top, we see the sky.
This is an inside view of a room. In the room there are couches. In between the couches there is a table. Behind the table there is a fireplace. And also there are few tables with computer and few other things. And also there is a chair, lamp and few other things. And there is a wall with photo frames and mirror. On the right side of the image there is a door. On the left side of the image there is a curtain.
In this image there are buildings and we can see cars on the road. In the background there is sky.
In this picture there is a mountain and there are plants and there is a woman standing and smiling. At the top there is sky and there are clouds.
In this image we can see the bed. And we can see the door and a window. And we can see the lights. And we can see some picture frames on the wall. And we can see some objects on the table.
In this picture we can see a group of boats on water, here we can see a woman and in the background we can see trees, mountains, sky.
In this image there are chairs, couch, pillows table, flower bouquets, stools, table on the table there are some objects. And in the background is a window and photo frames on the wall, at the top there is fan ceiling. And at the bottom there is floor, through the windows we could see trees.
In the picture I can see buildings, current poles and trees.
In this image we can see walkway bridge, water, plants, trees and road.
In this image I can see a baby bed, table, some objects, curtain and wall. This image is taken may be in a room.
In this image we can see some people standing on the floor. One person is holding a door with his hand. In the center of the image we can see some cars parked on the ground. On the left side of the image we can see some light poles, group of plants and grass. In the background, we can see buildings, a group of trees. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
This picture is clicked inside the room. On the right side, we see the red sofa, sofa chairs and the cushions. Beside that, we see a table on which a photo frame and a lamp are placed. In the middle, we see a table. On the right side, we see a white wall and a car. Beside that, we see a red color stand and the white cupboards. Beside that, we see a television. Beside that, we see a door. On the left side, we see a cupboard in white color. In the background, we see a wall and an object in white and black color.
In this picture there are people walking on path and we can see poles, buildings, road, stores and posters on the door.
In front of the image there is water. There are rocks, plants. There are houses, poles, boards. There is a hoarding with a picture and some text on it. In the background of the image there are trees and sky.
In the image there are many people standing in front of the airport baggage collection. And also there are bags on that. In the background there are few people and also there are pillars and sign boards.
In this picture we can see there are chairs on the floor. Behind the chairs, there are iron gates. At the top of the image, it looks like a mesh.
In this image there are pillars and we can see a door. On the right there is a rod. At the top there are lights. At the bottom we can see a floor.
This image consists of iron rods kept in a shed. At the bottom, there is a floor. At the top, there is a roof.
In the image I can see the picture of a tall building to which there are some grills and also I can see the sky.
In this picture I can see a building, steps and the path in front. In the middle of this picture, I can see words written on the building. I can also see 2 people.
In this picture I can see chairs, tables, lamp, there are frames attached to the walls, there is a fire place, there are books, plates and some other objects in the shelves, there are doors and lights.
In this image we can see the path, stairs, railing, pole, road, building, hill and also the vehicle. We can also see the trees. Sky is also visible in this image with the clouds. At the bottom we can see the text.
In this image there is a projector screen on the wall, in front of the screen there are cushions and some objects on the sofa, in front of the sofa on the table there are some objects and there is a pillow on the floor, on the wall there are some objects and there is an object on the floor, behind that there are walls, at the top of the image there is a lamp, at the bottom of the image there is some text.
In this picture we can see railings, path, plants, grass, board and trees. In the background of the image it is blurry and we can see building and sky.
In this image there are two people walking in the snowy mountains with rocks.
In this image there are buildings with some text on it, vehicles, people, poles with light in the left and right corner. There are vehicles and traffic signals in the background. There is road at the bottom. And there is a sky at the top.
In this picture I can see group of people, there are lights, clothes and some other objects.
In this image we can see vehicles on the road. In the background, we can see poles, boards, fence, plants and trees. At the bottom of the image, we can see the pavement. We can see a blue color object in the left top of the image.
This picture is blur, in this picture there are two people standing and wore masks and we can see objects and equipment. In the background of the image we can see people and wall.
In the center of the image we can see the mesh, ropes and ball. In the background of the image we can see the trees, ground and two people are playing the batman-tom and holding the rackets.
In this image there is a building, metal railing and people in the foreground. And there is a sky at the the top.
In this image I can see there is a hill and a few people standing on it on the left and I can see the sky.
In front of the image there are flowers on the plants. In the background of the image there are trees. At the top of the image there are clouds in the sky.
At the bottom of the picture, it looks like a table or the floor on which a stand and two stands containing the lights and a white color object are placed. On the left side, we see a white color object. In the middle, it looks like a stool and a black carpet. In the background, we see a sheet in black color and we see the objects. Behind that, it looks like the windows. On the right side, we see a wall and a white color object. In the background, we see a wall in yellow color.
In this image in the center there are two women one woman is sitting and one woman is standing, and she is holding something and they are wearing white costumes. At the bottom there is floor, and in the background there is wall. On the wall there is some design and there are pillars, and on the left side of the image it looks like there is a sculpture.
In this picture it looks like a garden area outside a campus.
In this image in the room there is a cradle, table and a doll in the chair. Behind the chair there is a glass window. Through the window we can see trees.Behind the cradle there is the wall.
In the foreground of this image, there is a shelter like structure on the sand. Around which, there is grassland. In the background, there are trees, buildings and the sky.
In this image we can see two beds with blanket and pillows. We can see a cupboard in the middle of the image. On the top cupboard, we can see a lamp. There is a table at the bottom of the image. In the background, we can see frames on the wall, curtains and windows. At the bottom of the image, we can see the floor.
In this image we can see the buildings. In the background, we can see the sky.
In the foreground we can see trees, poles, people, grass and other objects. In the middle we can see buildings. At the top there are cables and sky.
In the foreground of this image, there is a pavement, grass, fencing and few trees. In the middle, there are houses and trees. In the background, there are cables and the sky.
In this image, I can see an architecture. At the bottom of the image, there is the grass. In the background, I can see the trees and the sky.
In this image there is a marble flooring. On the right side there is a wall, sofa, Flower pot, and a switch. On the left side there is a bath tub with tap, the toilet seat, the wash basin, and rack.
In this picture I can see sofa on the left side and right side. I can see the wooden object on the right side. It is looking like a wall in the background.
In the center of the image we can see chairs around the table. On the table we can see objects, papers and pens. In the background we can see wall, photo frames and windows.
In this picture we can see big rock mountains and in between there is small lake, top there is sky with clouds.
In this image there are some plants and grass, at the bottom there are some small stones and sand. And in the background there are mountains, at the top there is sky.
In this image we can see vehicle on the road. In the background we can see sign board, trees, barrier poles, grass, plants, houses and sky.
In this image we can see a lady standing. There is a shower. In the background of the image there is wall. At the top of the image there is ceiling with lights. To the right side of the image there are towels on the stand. There is a tap.
In this picture I can see the road. I can see the building on the left side with glass window and glass doors. I can see a metal grill fence.
This image is taken from inside. In this image there is a bed, on the either sides of the bed there are lamps on the table, there are few lamps and some blocks are hanging on the wall. On the right side of the image there is a wooden door.
In this picture I can see the commode, wash basin in the foreground. I can see the mirror on the right side. In the mirror, I can see the photo frame on the wall, towel on the hanger. I can see the door. I can see the curtain on the left side. I can see the plant vase, bottles. I can see the switch board. I can see the wooden cupboards.
In this image there is a person standing on the mat and holding a baseball bat and there is a net on the right side.
In this image there are two people sitting in front of the river, in the background there is the sky.
In this picture I can see in the middle few vehicles are moving on the road, on the left side there are shops. There are buildings on either side of this image, on the right side there is a tree, at the top there is the sky.
In this image we can see a jacket on a chair, monitor, telephone, books, cup and objects on a table, keyboard, mouse and there are papers attached on the board. We can see plants and there are lights on the ceiling.
In this image in the center there is a bed, on the bed there are pillows. And in the background there is wall, window and blinds.
In this image there are pillows on the bed, beside the bed there are lamps, speakers and curtain on the wall.
In this image we can see some plants, grass, stones and the water stream.
In the foreground, I can see a person riding a bicycle on the road. On which I can see some object. And I can see sign boards, metal poles, bicycles and a group of people standing on the road. And few of them are sitting on a wall. In the background, I can see the trees, buildings with windows and I can see planets, people standing and I can see the blue sky.
In this image at the bottom there is a road and on the road there are some vehicles and there are some people walking, in the center it looks like a bench and there are rods and we could see poles, boards, traffic signals and street lights. On the boards there is text and there are trees, in the background there are buildings and we could see windows and there are some objects in the center. On the left side there is wall and plants, in the background there is a pole and board.
In this picture I can see people on the road. I can see a few people on the walkway. I can see the buildings on the left and right side. I can see the ancient construction.
In the foreground, I can see vehicles on the road and I can see the trees and a bridge. In the background, I can see the sky.
In the foreground, I can see a person carrying a bag is walking and I can see people on the road and flocks of birds. And I can see grass, a fence, plants, the trees and some objects. In the background, I can see a light pole, buildings with windows, an entrance and I can see metal bells hanging on some object and I can see the sky.
In this image we can see a garden and in the garden we can see some rocks,plants and grass and here there is a small walkway and on the both sides of the walkway we can see a wooden arch and on the arch we can see some wooden poles and some other wooden designs and in the background we can also see a white color wooden fence and a gray color wall and in the park there is a house with white color pillars and we can also see a tree branches with leaves.
In this image we can see the building with the glass windows. We can also see the path.
In this image, I see water at the bottom and few tree branches and leaves at the top, at the center I see a steel bridge with couple of concrete pillars under it. In the background I see group of trees and a clear sky at the top.
As we can see in the image there are buildings, windows, plants and stairs. I can see grass, door, flag, railing and at the top there is sky.
In this picture I can see a room, there are few drawers on the right side, there is a computer, keyboard and few photo frames placed on the wall, I can see the windows and a few other objects and I can see a typewriter.
This image is taken in a vehicle. In this image many people are sitting on the seats. We can see the windows. There are many objects. There might be luggage bags on the shelf.
In this image, we can see some plants and trees. There are hills in the middle of the image. There is a person walking on the path. There is a sky at the top of the image.
This image is taken in the kitchen and here we can see a sink, a bottle, a coffee maker are on the table. In the background, there we can see a kettle, oven and there are cupboards and there is an object. At the bottom, there is a mat on the floor.
In this image I can see sofas with pillows and I can also see tables, chairs, plates, knives, forks, napkins, some items in same container, leaves, plant, lamp, pot with flowers, frames, carpet, painting on some object, wall, curtains, windows, glasses, rods and in the background I can see tree trunks and trees.
In this image, we can see trees, street lights, traffic signal, poles, board, bicycles, dustbin and buildings. Here we can see walls, glass windows, pillars, banners, flag, road and few objects. In the middle of the image, we can see people are standing on the walkway. In the background, there is the sky.
In this image I can see the water surface. On either side of the image there is a mountain. I can see few persons walking.
This image is taken indoors. At the bottom of the image there is a floor and there is a railing. At the top of the image there is a ceiling with many lights. In the background there are many glass windows. Through the windows we can see there are a few trees and houses. There is a pool. In the middle of the image there are many stairs. There are a few railings and there are many pillars. Many people are standing on the floor.
In this picture we see a bedroom with a large bed and bed lamps on either side. On the right side we have a dressing table. On the left side, we have a cupboard. On the ceiling we have a fan.
In this image I can see a bed. On the left side there is a door. I can see a chair. At the top there is a fan hanged to the ceiling.
In this image we can see motor vehicles on the ground, heaps of soil, trees and sky with clouds.
In this image we can see there is a bed. There are curtains. There is a lamp, bottle and bottle on the table. There is a chair. There are glass windows.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky with clouds. At the bottom of the image there is a ground. There are a few stones on the ground. In the background there are a few buildings, trees and plants. In the middle of the image there is the sea.
This picture describes about inside view of a room, on the left side of the image we can see a mat and a microwave oven, in the middle of the image we can see a chair, jug, fruits and other things on the countertop, on the right side of the image we can find a light, napkins and a frame, also we can see fruits and other things in the cupboards.
In this picture I can see the grass and the path in front. In the middle of this picture, I can see the trees and the buildings. In the background, I can see the sky.
In the middle of the image we can see a house, in front of the house we can see grass, in the background we can find few trees and clouds.
This image might be taken in the bedroom. In this image we can see pillows on the bed. On the right side of the image we can see table, lamp and cellphone. In the background we can see mirror, lamp, table, painting, chair, curtains, door, railings, trees and sky.
In this image we can see table and chairs. Also we can see cupboard with some objects. There is a stand with vase and some decorative objects. There are photo frames on the walls. Also we can see window blind. Also we can see lamp hanging from the ceiling. Also there are lights. In the back we can see cupboard and some objects.
In this image we can see there are buildings with windows and glass doors, there are cars, bicycles on the road, at the back there is a man standing, there are many trees in front there is a house, there are many posters, there are many books in stand, at the back there are banners and some text is written on it, there are poles, the sky is at the top.
In this image I can see four horses on grass, text, fence, trees, vehicle on the road and the sky. This image is taken may be during a day.
In this image in the center there is a bathtub, and in the bathtub there are two people and water. And in the background there are rocks, plants, stairs, wall, pillar, lights and some other objects. At the bottom there are plants and some objects.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is sky. In the middle of the image we can see there are many buildings and skyscrapers. We can see the roads.
In this image in the center there is a building, windows and pillars. At the bottom there is walkway, and at the top there is sky and trees.
In front of the image there are people wearing hair caps and there are some people holding some objects in their hands. There are a few objects on the tables. There are posters on the tables. There are boards. There are a few people standing. There are poles.
In the image I can see rocks, hills, railing, grass, water, boats and at the top there is sky. In the background there are trees and buildings.
In this picture I can see buildings, trees, plants and I can see few cars parked and a cloudy sky.
In this image, we can see a board beside the road. There is a hill in the middle of the image. There are clouds in the sky.
In this image there are racks and we can see footwear, clothes and some objects placed in the racks. There are toys. In the background there is a board and we can see decors pasted on the board. There are windows and we can see blinds. At the top there are lights. We can see a chair. There are tables.
This image consists of a washroom. On the left, there is a bathtub. In the middle, we can see a toilet. On the right, there is a washbasin. In the front, we can see a small plant and towels kept on the desk. In the background, we can see a wall and a toilet paper on the wall. Beside the wash basin there is a dustbin. At the bottom, there is a floor.
In this picture we can see there are plants and sand. At the top of the image, there is the sky.
In the image there are many trees and grass, in between the grass there is a walkway.
In this image I can observe a sink. I can see a window. There are few cupboards. These are looking like washing machines.
This image is an edited photo. In which I can see a group of people on the floor are wearing clothes. And two persons are standing. In the background, I can see tables with some objects and I can see a wall.
In this picture I can see sitting chairs. I can see the glass object on the table in the foreground. I can see the light pole. I can see the curtain in the background. I can see the photo frames on the wall. I can see the mirror on the left side. I can see the wooden object on the right side. It is looking like a doll on the right side. I can see the wooden object on the right side.
In this image we can see buildings, windows, doors, stairs, railings, plants with flowers in the pots, wires, trees, an object on the right side, vehicles on the road and clouds in the sky.
In this image I can see pillars, fence and wall. This image is taken may be in a fort during a day.
In this image, I can see a building, lights, trees, plants and flags hanging to the poles. In front of the building, there are vehicles, which are parked on the road.
Here we can see a room with lights and paintings on the wall. Here we can also see a table and many chairs, a board and a flower pot.
This is a blur image. In the image, inside a room there are few musical instruments, stool, cables and few other things are on the floor. In the background there are walls, doors and also there is a television. At the top of the image there is a ceiling.
In this image we can see some food in the cardboard sheets which are placed in the racks. We can also see a paper on a rack, some metal poles and a wall.
In this picture we can see inside of a vehicle. We can see iron rods, seats, glass windows, posters and doors.
In this picture we can see houses placed one by one, beside there is shop with clothes and top there is light poles, in front of houses there are some people are standing, top there is bird flying over the sky and top there is blue sky.
In this image I can see the trees. In the background, I can see the building and the clouds in the sky.
At the bottom of the picture, we see a wall which is made up of stones. Behind that, we see four people are standing. On the left side, we see a tree and a pole. In the middle, we see a light pole and a tree. In the background, we see the buildings in white color with the brown color roofs. These buildings have the iron railings. At the top, we see the trees and the buildings. This picture is blurred.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is sky. In the background we can see the buildings with walls, windows, glass objects and roofs. In the middle of the image we can see there are many trees with green leaves, stems and branches. We can see the green grass on the ground. We can see the bench. We can see the roads. We can see the sign boards. On the right side of the image we can see the pole. We can see the railing. We can see the green grass on the ground.
In this image we can see sofa set, side table, electric lights, doors and walls.
In this image, we can see people, rods, ladder and mud. Here we can see a big pipe is tied with a chain. On the left side bottom corner, there is a bucket.
In this image we can see the sheds, house, trees, wires, grass and also the fence. We can also see the sky. In the bottom right corner we can see the text.
In this image we can see grass, poles, fence, lights, and trees. In the background there is sky.
In this image we can see a woman is standing and holding a glass in her hand. She is wearing a white shirt, waistcoat, bow and watch. In front of her, we can see a wooden surface. On the wooden surface, we can see some glass objects. In the background, we can see lights, plant, wall, wooden pillar and a rectangular shape object.
In this picture we can see a building with roof tiles and plants. On the right side of the picture we can see the wall. In the background we can see the sky. At the bottom of the image we can see green grass.
This picture is clicked outside. On the left we can see a person seems to be riding a vehicle and we can see the cars seems to be parked on the ground. In the background we can see the sky, buildings, plants, trees, staircases, railings and some other objects.
In this image there is a table with some object on it, a table with television and cap on it, window and curtain in the left corner. There is a bed blanket with pillows, lamp in the foreground. There is a wall with some frame on it in the background. And there is a floor at the bottom.
In this image there is a person standing by holding a rope on the snowy mountains, behind the person there are mountains.
In the given image i can see a bed,light,chair,table,television,curtains,window,clothes and some other objects.
In this picture I can observe sink on the left side. On the right side there is a door. In the background I can observe window and wall.
In this image we can see a bed. There are light lamps on the wall. There is a photo frame. To the left side of the image there is a chair. At the bottom of the image there is floor.
This image is taken inside a bathroom. In which I can see a wash basin, taps, a commode on the floor and I can see houseplants, a cabinet and a carpet on the floor. In the background, I can see a window, a mirror and some objects on a wall. And I can see a shower pipe and a glass door.
In this image we can see some people dancing. And we can see the railing. And we can see the ceiling fans. And we can see the sofa.
In this image in the center there is a building and we could see windows, railing, pipe and at the bottom there are doors and there is some design which is made up of metal it seems. And there are glass doors, through the doors we could see wall, photo frames, lights and objects. And on the right side there is a board on the building, on the board there is text and at the bottom there is floor.
In this image there is a fan at the top and there are people standing on the right side and some other people are standing on the left side.
In this picture I can see number of vehicles and few cycles on the road. I can also see the traffic signals and sign boards. On the left side of this picture, I can see number of people on the footpath. On the both sides of this picture, I can see the buildings and number of trees.
In the center of the image we can see building. At the bottom of the image we can see car, road. In the background there is sky.
This picture describes about inside view of a room, in this we can find a sofa, table, chairs and lights, in the background we can see frames on the wall.
In this image we can see mountains. At the top of the image, we can see the sky with some clouds.
It looks like food court, I can see three stalls, in the center there are some people in the stall and there is a woman standing and carrying bags and there are bottles here and some objects here and a fridge here and menu boards here, also a board here.
This image is taken indoors. On the left side of the image we can see the refrigerator. There might be a table. In the middle of the image we can see the cupboards. There is an oven. There is a stove. We can see the kitchen platform. We can see the dishwasher. There is a kettle. We can see there are many objects on the kitchen platform.
In the image there is a road and behind the road there is a bridge and around the bridge there is grass and trees.
In this picture we can see horses and a statue of a dinosaur on the ground.We can see fence, poles, grass, plants, trees and a hill. In the background we can see the sky.
In this image in the center there are houses, and there are windows, staircase. At the bottom there is grass and some object, board. And in the background there are trees and vehicle, at the top there is sky.
This is the picture of a room. On the right side of the image there is a vehicle. At the back there are bottles and there are objects and there are covers and cardboard boxes on the table. There are tools and objects and there are frames and clocks on the wall and there is text on the wall. At the top there is a light. At the bottom there are boxes on the floor.
In this picture we can see the grass, snow, hills and other things. We can see the snowy mountains and the sky in the background.
In this image there are buildings and trees we can see bicycles and there is a car. At the bottom there is a road and we can see a fence. In the background there is sky.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky. At the bottom of the image there is a ground. There are a few objects on the ground. In the middle of the image there are many trees with leaves, stems and branches. There is a fence. There is a hut and there is a cabin.
This picture is an inside view of a room. In this picture we can see the rack, television, doors, switchboards on the wall, bed, lights, curtain, bottles, paper, cupboards and some other objects. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor.
In this image in the center there are different types of shells and there are some boards, on the boards there is text which is in some other language. And at the bottom there is a blue color cover, and in the background there are some baskets. In the baskets also there are shells and there are some bottles and boxes, there is one metre on the left side of the image and also it looks like there is a table and objects. At the bottom there is floor.
In this picture I can see a stove, a microwave oven and a wash basin and I can see a curtain and a refrigerator on the right side and I can see cupboards.
In this picture I can see group of people sitting on the chairs, and in the background there is a clock attached to the wall.
In this image we can see bears are standing on a platform. In the background we can see tree trunks, wall, branches of the trees and plants.
This picture is clicked inside the room. In the foreground we can see the floor mat and the chairs. On the left there are some items placed on the top of the table. In the background we can see the wall, window, curtains, roof, light and a poster hanging on the wall and we can see a white color object seems to be the board which is hanging on the wall.
In this image we can see a car on the road. In the background we can see houses, windows, doors, gate, railings, plants, pipes on the wall, roof, objects and the sky.
In this image, I can see a bed with cushions, pillows and a bed sheet. Beside the bed, I can see a lamp and a candle on a table. I can see a photo frame and an object attached to the wall. On the right side of the image, there is a cushion on a chair. At the bottom of the image, I can see a carpet on the floor. In the background, I can see the chairs, iron grilles, trees and the sky through the glass doors. At the top of the image, there are ceiling lights.
This picture is clicked outside the city. On the left side, we see the trees, poles, blue color tub and the buildings in brown color. We see an old man is standing on the footpath. At the bottom, we see the road. On the right side, we see the staircase, stair railing, poles, trees and the buildings in white and brown color. We see the cars parked on the road. In the background, we see the shrubs, poles, cars and the buildings in white color. At the top, we see the sky.
In this picture we can see an inside view of a building, sofa with pillows on it, chairs, tables on the floor with books, papers, plant on it, lamps, pillars, ceiling, lights, two people and some objects.
This is an inside of an airplane. In this picture we can see people sitting on the seats. We can see a man wearing a cap. At the bottom of the image we can see a person holding a newspaper. In the background we can see a person standing. We can see a few empty seats. We can see windows and cabin luggages.
In this image, we can see some crops. There is a hill in the middle of the image. There are clouds in the sky.
In this image there is a table. On the table there are food recipes and display boards. There are two persons standing. There is a glass. There is a wall with the curtain at the back side.
In this image we can see a table and a few objects on it, there are a few chairs, behind that we can see the stick board, near that there are a few wall papers on the wall.
In the bottom left corner of the image we can see a bed. In the bottom right corner of the image we can see a table, on the table we can see a laptop, books, light and mouse. Behind them there is wall.
In this picture we can see the grass, shed, door, trees, buildings with windows, some objects and in the background we can see the sky.
In this picture we can see a car on the ground. We can see the numbers on a pillar and on a wall. We can see the double door, walls, rods, pipes and other objects.
In this image there are buildings and poles. We can see trees. At the bottom there are people and we can see vehicles on the road. In the background there is sky. There are boards.
In this image there is a land, in the background there is a house, cat, trees and the sky.
In this image there are buildings and trees in the left corner. There are buildings, poles with some sign boards, a sidewalk and trees in the right corner. There are vehicles in the foreground. There are trees in the background. There is a road at the bottom. And there is a sky at the top.
In this picture we can see the view of island and in between there is lake and other side there is big sea and some people are standing on sand, top there is sky.
In this picture I can see sitting chair. I can see drawers. I can see personal computer on the table. I can see number of box files on the shelf. I can see ceramic object. I can see a window on the left side.
In this picture I can see the interior view of a gym and there are gym equipment visible, there are a few chairs on the right side and there is a glass window on the right and there are lights attached to the ceiling.
In this image we can see a clock on a tower, cross symbol, tree and clouds in the sky.
In this image we can see a bed. There are chairs with pillows on it. There is a table. To the right side of the image there is a chair. To the left side of the image there is wall with photo frames and mirror. In the background of the image there is a window with curtains. At the top of the image there is ceiling.
In this image, I see a wooden house with bunch of dry grass in it and I see a rope on a wooden board and sand at the bottom.
In this image we can see a group of chairs which are placed on the floor. We can also see the window blinds, a device on a table and a board on a wall.
In this image I can see two beds with pillows, bed sheets and blankets and I can also see table, lamp, some other items and in the background I can see curtain, door, some object and wooden wall.
In this image there are sinks and toilet seats, in the background there is a wall, for that wall there is a cupboard and a door at the top there is a ceiling and a light.
In the given image i can see a bed,chair,photo frame,lamp lights,flower pot,wooden table,clock and curtains.
This is an inside view of a building. In this picture we can see tables and stools on the floor. We can see pillars and windows. At the top of the image we can see the ceiling and lights.
In this image in the center there are trees, and the trees are covered with snow. And at the bottom there is snow and at the top there is sky.
In this image we can see a car on the road. We can also see a fence and behind the fence we can see many people. We can also see the trees, a pole with the wire and also an object on the right with the lights. We can also see the sky with some clouds.
This image is taken indoors. At the bottom of the image there is the floor. At the top of the image there is a roof. We can see the carvings on the roof. In the middle of the image we can see the chandeliers. We can see the walls, curtains. We can see the carvings on the walls. There are a few chairs. There might be pillars.
This is an inner view of a kitchen, I can see gas stove, microwave oven and a refrigerator and I can see wash basin and few cupboards and I can see another table at the bottom right corner of the picture.
This image is taken indoors. At the top of the image there is a roof. In the background there is a wall and there are a few windows and doors. At the bottom of the image there is a floor and there is a bed with a mattress, a bed sheet and a few pillows on it. In the middle of the image there are two chairs. There is a couch. There is a table and there is a lamp. On the right side of the image there is a cupboard. There is a table and there is an empty chair.
In this image, I can see a couch and chairs. On the left side of the image, I can see a projector screen attached to the wall. At the top of the image, I can see a ceiling light, ceiling fan and a projector. On the right side of the image, there is a curtain hanging to a hanger.
This picture describes about group of people, few are standing and few are sitting on the chairs, in the background we can see few lights and metal rods.
In this picture I can see buildings, trees and I can see towers and boats in the water and I can see a blue sky.
In this picture we can see grass at the bottom, on the left side and right side there are trees, we can see a building and plants in the middle, there is the sky at the top of the picture.
In this image in front of the house there are trees, bushes and a plant. At the bottom of the image there is a floor.
In this image we can see a building with windows, doors and the railing. We can also see a street lamp, poles, some plants with flowers and a group of people standing on the ground. On the right side we can see a group of tables and chairs in a room.
In this image there is a shop, in front of the shop there is a footpath.
In this image, we can see buildings, railings, boards with text, grilles and there is a light pole. At the top, there is sky. At the bottom, there is a road and we can see an object.
In the middle of the picture, it looks like the baskets stand containing the vegetables and the objects. Behind that, we see a rack in which the objects are placed. We see a basket, paper boxes, tins and the glass bottles. On either side of the picture, we see a wall in white and grey color. At the bottom, we see the floor. On top of rack, we see the baskets which are in brown color.
In this picture we can see a table, chairs on the floor, on this table we can see a bottle and some objects and in the background we can see a wall, chandeliers, windows, trees.
In this picture I can see few grave stones, couple of flags and grass on the ground and I can see few trees in the back.
In the foreground a lady wearing white color dress performing a ramp walk. In the middle crowd and two ladies are walking on the ramp. On the top lights and poles.
This image is taken outdoors. At the bottom of the image there is the floor. On the left side of the image we can see the buildings with walls, doors, windows and balconies. In the middle of the image two people are walking on the road. In the background there is sky. We can see the trees. There is a vehicle. There might be a dustbin. We can see the buildings. On the right side of the image we can see the buildings.
In this image on the right side there is one person, and on the left side there are some machines and some lights. And in the background there is a television and some objects.
This image consists of a bridge made up of wood. On the left and right, there is grass. In the background, there are trees. At the top, there is sky.
In this image there is draw with lamp on it and wall in the left corner. There is a wall, window and curtain in the right corner. There is a bed, pillow, a draw with lamp on it in the foreground. There is a wall with some frame on it in the background. and floor is at the bottom.
In this picture we can see the rocks, hills and other things.
In the foreground of this image, there is water. In the middle, there are wooden loungers, chairs, tables and few objects on it. We can also see umbrellas, railing and water in the background. At the top, there is the sky.
In the image we can see the fort. There are even people walking they are wearing clothes. We can even see there are vehicles on the road, light poles and the sky.
In this picture I can see a few vehicles parked on the left side of the road and on the right side there is a building, on the right there a pole with the lamp and I can see there are a few more buildings on the left and there are clouds in the sky.
In this image, we can see bridgewater, wall, plants and stones. Top of the image, we can see the cloudy sky.
This is inside view of a room. We can see pillows and bed sheet on a bed, lamp and tissue box on a table on the left side. In the background we can see a lamp on a table, frame on the wall, window and curtains.
This image consists of a building along with windows and doors. In the front, we can see the pillars. At the bottom, there is a road and we can see a car. On the left, there is a pole and we can see the boards. In the middle, there is a clock. In the background, there are trees. At the top, there is sky. On the right, it looks like there is a car. In the middle, we can see green grass. And the image is blurred.
This picture is an inside view of a room. In this picture we can see the beds, clothes, bag and a lady is sitting on a bed. In the background of the image we can see the wall, window. Through the window we can see the plants. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor.
In this image I can see it looks like a playing area, in the middle there is a net. In the background there are paintings on the walls, at the top there are lights.
In this picture I can see green grass in the foreground. I can see the boards. I can see the text. I can see the road in the middle of the image. I can see trees. I can see the hills in the background. I can see the sky at the top.
This is an outside view. At the bottom, I can see the water. In the middle of the image there are many rocks and trees. At the top of the image I can see the sky and clouds.
In this image there is a water surface, on that there are boats, in the background there are buildings and the sky.
In this image I can able to see a carpet , a couch, pillows, chairs, a table with lamp, glasses,plate and a bowl on it. Also there are grills attached to the wall and there is a glass window, plants, a curtain and a glass door. Through the glass door I can able to see chairs, trees and grass.
In this image there is a wooden swing beside that there are plants and trees, behind that there are some objects, on the floor there is grass.
In the image it looks like a forest, there are a lot of trees and greenery.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the trees. In the middle, we see the buildings in grey and cream color. On the left side, we see a building in white color. In the background, we see the sky, which is blue in color.
In this picture I can see a kettle on the gas stove and I can see chairs, tables and a lamp on the counter top and I can see cupboards and a oven and I can see blinds to the windows and it looks like a photo frame on the wall.
In this image I can see a bed. There are two pillows on the bed. On the left side there is a television. I can see a window. On the right side there is a world map on the wall. I can see a computer on the table. There are few cupboards. There is one chair.
In the center of the image we can see table. On the table we can see some objects, books and laptop. On the right side of the image we can see house plant and sofa. On the left side of the image we can see television on the table. In the background we can see pipes, pillows, chair, glass windows, window pane and building.
This picture is clicked inside the room. At the bottom, we see the wooden floor and a pillow. On the right side, we see a wall. In the middle, we see the white cupboards on which the pillows are placed. In the middle, we see a pillow with the photo of a dog. Behind that, we see the glass windows from which we can see the objects in black and grey color. In the background, we see a white wall.
In this picture we can see the inside view of a building.There is a lamp and some objects on the wooden table. There are carpets and an object on the floor. There is a photo frame which is attached to a wall. On the right side of the image, there is a door. On the right side of the photo frame, there is a window and a curtain.
This image consists of water, rocks, grass and trees. This image is taken may be in the forest.
In this image, we can see cushions on the sofas and there are some objects on the stand. In the background, there is a screen and we can see a frame on the wall and there is a house plant and a lamp and there are lights. At the bottom, there is a floor.
In the center of the image there is a road. There is a car. In the background of the image there are valleys, trees. At the top of the image there is sky.
In the foreground we can see people, books, bottle and table. In the background there are books in the bookshelves.
In this image I can see in the middle there is a house, at the top there is the sky.
In this image we can see a group of people on the floor. We can also see a person sitting in a room, a tree, the signboards, the railing, frames on the walls, ceiling lights and a roof with some poles.
In this image there is a bed, on that bed there are pillows, in the background there is a cupboard, in that cupboard there are few items, at the top there is ceiling, in the background there is a wall, for that wall there is a window and a curtain.
In the foreground of this image, there are chairs, a slab on which, there are platters, glasses, bottle, sink, cups and a stand. We can also see few electronic devices, cupboards, few objects in the shelves, a frame on the wall, few more objects on the slab, refrigerator, a flower vase and the light to the ceiling.
In this picture we can see chairs on the floor, table with a book, telephone, lamp, bowl on it, shelves with books on it and some objects.
In this image we can see pillows and bed sheet on a bed, lamp and an object on a drawer, wall, plant, wooden object and window blind.
In this image on the right side and left side there are buildings, boards, pipes, lights and some people are walking and there is some scrap and some objects. At the bottom there is walkway.
In the image I can see a bed, chair, pillows, bed sheet, tables, lamps, photo frame, cream colored curtains, wall, candles, glass windows and few objects. Through the glass windows I can see houses and sky.
In the image I can see the picture of some shelves in which there are some bottles and some packs placed.
In this image we can see tables and chairs. In the back we can see wall. On the wall we can see some objects. There is a door. On the door there are some objects. Also there is a clock.
In this image we can see empty rooms, doors and walls.
In this picture I can see 2 men and a woman in front. I see that, the woman is holding a stick and pointing to an object, which is on a paper. In the background, I can see a flag and the wall.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the ground. In the middle, we see the plants which have flowers. These flowers are in pink color. Beside that, we see a white color object. Behind that, we see the hedging plants. On the right side, we see the pavement and the plans. We see a tree and the buildings. We see the stairs, windows, pillars and the railing. At the top, we see the sky, which is blue in color.
In this image we can see a merry round game with some toys, a fence and some other objects. In the background of the image there are some people and other objects. At the bottom of the image there is the floor. At the top of the image there are some objects.
In this image we can see the buildings, hoardings, poles, trees, stairs, railing, trash bin and also the vehicles passing on the road. We can also see the people walking on the path. Sky is also visible in this image. We can also see the light pole.
In the foreground, I can see buildings with windows and some clothes hanging on ropes. And I can see some metal objects, chairs on the terrace and I can see other objects. In the background, I can see the sky.
In this image, I can see a chair, racks, plastic cover and an easel stand with a board. On the right side of the image, I can see the cardboard boxes, a wooden object and few other objects. There is a poster attached to the wall and I can see a bag near a window. On the left side of the image, I can see an object on the floor.
In the given image i can see a waterfall,grass and arch.
In this image it looks like an interior view of a restaurant, there are two persons sitting on the right and there are few lights attached to the wall and on the ceiling.
In this image we can see a dining table and on the dining table there are cutlery, crockery and crochet mats. In the background we can see wall hangings attached to the wall.
This image consists of a kitchen. In which we can see a desk along with a wash basin and there are books in the shelf. And we can see three stools. In the background, we can see a stove along with cupboards and drawers. At the bottom, there is a floor. At the top, there is a roof and lights are hanged to the roof.
In this image there are buildings, people and sidewalk in the left and right corner. There are vehicles in the foreground. And there are buildings in the background. There is a road at the bottom. And there is a sky at the top.
In this picture we see a kitchen area with a dishwasher, a chimney, a kitchen platform with a sink and rows. We also have windows.
Here on the roadside we can see a flower shop with many flowers in it.
In this image there are people walking on a bridge and there are poles, railing, at the top there is a line, in the background there are flag poles, buildings, tower and the sky.
In this image we can see many buildings. And we can see the windows. And some text is written on the building. And we can see the sky at the top.
This picture is clicked outside the city. In this picture, we see a white car is moving on the road. On the right side, we see a pole, street light, sign boards, garbage bins in green color and we see the fence, a green color sheet and the boards in white color with some text written. Beside that, we see a building. On the left side, we see the electric poles, wires and the trees. There are trees, buildings and the hills in the background. At the top, we see the sky, which is blue in color. At the bottom, we see the road.
In this picture I can see a toilet seat and a flush tank and I can see wash basin and a mirror on the wall and I can see a hand dryer and a dustbin on the left side.
In this picture I can see tree, few cars and vehicles on the road and I can see few poles and a board with some text and I can see a pole light and a blue cloudy sky.
In this image I can see water and I can also see something looking like trees, mountains and bottom is in yellow color and in the background I can see a clear blue sky.
In this image, we can see lockers. There are two persons in the middle of the image wearing clothes. There are lights at the top of the image.
This picture is clicked outside. In the foreground we can see the trees and the lampposts and the buildings. In the background we can see the sky with the clouds.
This picture is an inside view of a kitchen. In this picture we can see the cupboards, chairs, table, sink, tap, vessels, stove, lights, wall, plant, pot and some other objects. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor. At the top of the image we can see the roof and lights.
In this image, there are buildings and trees. On the right side of the image, I can see a name board on top of a building. In the background, there is the sky.
On the left side, it is the baghdad international airport and on the right side this is the road and the background is the sky
In this picture we can see two people. We can see a person sitting on a metal object. We can see the metal objects and vehicles on the ground. We can see the greenery in the top left. We can see the cloudy sky in the background.
In this image I can see group of people walking and I can also see few vehicles. In the background I can see few buildings, light poles, few trees in green color and the sky is in blue color.
In this picture we can see doors, posters, lock, clothes, basket and some objects.
In the image there are two tables, some toys and in the background there is a television. Beside that there is another table and on that there is a lamp and other objects, behind the television there is a wall and there are two frames attached to the wall.
In this image we can see persons standing and walking on the ground, building, railings, plant and sky.
In the center of the image we can see table, flower vase, chairs. In the background we can see door, cupboards, light, and wall.
In this image I can see two persons walking and I can also see few vehicles, few dried trees, few buildings in brown and white color and I can also see few poles.
In this image there are buildings. At the bottom we can see people. In the background there is sky.
In the image we can see the bed and on the bed we can see the pillows. Here we can see chair, carpet, lamp and the table. We can even see frames stick to the wall. Here we can see window, curtains and window blinds.
This image there are buildings, lights, trees and some people are walking and there is a railing. At the bottom there is pavement and in the background there are trees, at the top there is sky.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is sky with clouds. At the bottom of the image there are many plants with leaves and stems. In the middle of the image we can see the building. There are many trees and plants. There is a board with text. On the left side of the image we can see the wall.
In this image we can see windows, curtains. At the top of the image there is ceiling with lights. At the bottom of the image there is wooden flooring.
In the center of the image there is a person holding some object in his hand. At the bottom of the image there is grass. There is sand. To the left side of the image there is a black color object on the grass.
In this picture I can observe a vehicle on the road. In the background there are trees and sky.
In this image I can see the monitor, keyboard, mouse, flower pot and few objects on the table. I can see the chair, plants and few poster and the board is attached to the wall.
In this picture I can see glass revolving doors.
In the image we can see three people wearing karate clothes. Here we can see chairs, cupboard, brick wall and posters stick to the wall.
This picture is clicked outside and we can see the group of vehicles and on both the sides we can see the buildings. In the background we can see the sky and we can see some other items.
In this picture I can observe some cars moving on the road in the bottom of the picture. On the right side there are some people walking on the footpath. On either sides of the road I can observe buildings. In the background there are some clouds in the sky.
In this picture we can see a shed. Under this shed, we can see the animals, exhaust fans, rods, metal objects, roofing sheets and animal feeding additives on the ground. We can see the architecture, trees, other things and the sky in the background.
In this image, I see sand at the bottom and a tree trunk, behind it I see a wooden house and stairs with wooden way, beside the house I see a car. In the background I see group of trees.
In this image we can see the metal container. At the bottom of the image we can see the wooden platform.
In this picture we can see there are buildings, a name board, a dustbin, plants and trees. On the right side of the image, there is a pole and a staircase. Behind the buildings, there is the sky.
In this image we can see cars, gates, trees, pole, buildings, dustbin and road.
In this paint we can see a stream, some rocks, some grasses and some trees as well.
In this image I can see trees and I can also see something looking like dry grass field, hills and in the background I can see sky.
In the foreground of the picture we can see trees, shrubs, rocks, woman and other objects. In the middle of the picture we can see dry lands and hills. In the background there are hills. At the top there is sky.
In the center of the image there are people playing golf. To the left side of the image there is a person standing. To the right side of the image there are golf sticks and gloves. At the bottom of the image there is grass. In the background of the image there are trees.
In the image there is a huge building, under the building there are stores, in front of the stores there are vehicles.
Here the sky is blue and the water in the sea is blue. It is surrounded with greenery.
In this picture I can see few buses, plants and few people walking and I can see a baby stroller and few trees in the back.
In this image we can see building. Also we can see lights. There are people. On the left side we can see plants hanging from the wall. And there are boards with text.
This image consists of a dining table along with the chairs. On the table, we can see a flower vase and a pot. At the top, there is a roof along with the lights and we can see a chandelier. In the background, there are cupboards and we can see the plants. On the right, there are windows and we can see the curtains. There is a table, on which we can see a lamp. On the left, there are flower vases and we can see frame on the wall. And we can see a chair in white color. At the bottom, there is a wooden floor and we can see a mat. On the right, we can see a couch.
In this picture I can observe buildings in the middle of the picture. In the background there is sky.
In this image I can see the water and few trees on both sides of the water which are green in color.
In this image we can see the pillars and arches. And we can see the paintings on the wall. And we can see the doors. And we can see some wooden objects. And at the top we can see the lights. And we can see the idol on the left side.
In this image in the center there are vehicles which are in different colors, and at the bottom there is floor. And in the background there is wall and there are glass doors and on the doors we could see reflection of objects and vehicles, and at the top there is a pole and there are objects, rods, lights, banners. On the banners there are logos, and in the background it looks like there are windows.
In this picture I can see few people, looks like a boy holding a ball in his hand. I can see the grass on the ground, few trees in the back and those are looking like plants on the right side.
In this picture I can see a woman sitting in glass counter and I can see couple of boards on the walls and I can see papers and a pen in the woman's hand and I can see lights.
This image is taken indoors. On the right side of the image there is a door. In the background we can see the wall. There is a window. There is a metal rod. We can see the shower. There two bottles on the shelves. There is a bathtub. We can see the handles. There is a tap. On the left side of the image there is a wall. We can see the sink. There is a toilet seat. At the bottom of the image there is the floor.
In the picture we can see a car in the showroom floor and on the both the sides of the car we can see two men are standing, they are in blazers, ties and shirts and they are smiling and behind them we can see an advertisement and on the top of it we can see some lights.
In this picture I can see two people in the foreground. I can see the metal fence. I can see the vehicles in the middle of the image. I can see the green grass. I can see the building in the background. I can see the sky at the top. I can see the barriers.
The picture is taken inside a shoe store. In this picture we can see various shoes, sandals, couches, tables, people and other objects. In the background we can see wall. At the top we can see light, text and ceiling. On the right there are posters. On the left there are posters.
In this image we can see buildings, railings, stores, name boards, advertisement boards, trees, parasols, persons standing on the floor and motor vehicles on the road.
This image is taken inside a house. In which I can see a table with a device, a lamp and some objects. And I can see a chair on the floor. In the background, I can see a cabinet with some object. And I can see books and other things on stands. And I can see windows and a wall.
In this image, I see a couch with pillows on it, in front of it I see a wooden table with some object placed on it and I also see another leather chair with pillows on it, behind it I see a plant and a lamp on the wall. I also see a table with few chairs around it and a glass window with curtains beside it and I see a wooden flooring.
In the image it looks like some kind of inside view of an airport with luggage trolleys and airport belt here and there. There are many pillars and lights here and there. There is some kind of wall are chairs here and there.
In this picture we can see tables on the floor, on these tables we can see bottles, boxes, food items, plates and some objects and we can see a wall in the background.
In this image, we can see a dining table and chairs are on the carpet. On the table, there are so many things and objects are placed. In the background, we can see wall, table lamp, couch, cushion, glass window, curtains, showpiece and frame. Top of the image, we can see the chandelier.
In the middle of the image we can see some poles and boxes. At the top of the image we can see roof and lights.
In this image there are many aeroplanes parked at some kind of airport apron. There are many poles and buildings here and there. There is also some kind of building which looks like a tower. At the bottom of the image there is a runway. At the bottom right side of the image there is a vehicle on the runway. In the background there is sky.
In this picture there is a bowl on the desk. At the back there is a flower vase on the table and there are windows and there are frames on the wall. At the bottom there is a floor.
In this image I can see few people and I can also see road, concrete pavement, something looking like statue, pole with flag, traffic lights, light poles, car, some objects, dustbin, grass, boards with some text on them, stairs, fence and in the background I can see building, glasses, tower, trees and sky with clouds.
This image is taken indoors. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. It seems like a tunnel. At the top of the match there is a roof. In the middle of the image a few people are walking on the floor.
In this picture I can see road, there are poles, boards, there are plants, trees, there are rocks, and in the background there is the sky.
In this image on the kitchen platform there is a sink, knives, stove and some other objects, beneath the platform there are wooden drawers, on top of the platform there is chimney and cupboards with glasses and some other objects on it, beside the platform there are two chairs, in front of the platform there is a fridge and two ovens, beside that on the platform and on the shelves there are some objects and there are cupboards around it, on top of it there are some objects, on the wall there are switch boards, in the background of the image there is an entrance with a closed wooden door and a platform with drawers and cupboards, on top of it there are cupboards with some objects on it , at the top of the image there are lamps on the roof.
In this image i can see building with windows, there are few flower pots and some plants, near that i can see trees, there is an iron fencing, i can see a few cars on the road.
In this image there are many hens in the garden and on the right side there is a house and background is the sky.
In this image we can see some vehicles on the road. And we can see some traffic signals. And we can see the sign boards. And we can see some boards on which some text is written on it. And we can see the lights,trees. And we can see the traffic cones. And we can see the sky at the top.
In this image in the center there are persons standing and on the left side there is a vehicle which is white in colour moving on the road. In the background there are buildings and in the center there are poles.
In this image there is a stool and carpet. On the left side there is a table and the lamp on it. There is open wardrobe. There are clothes and the shoes.
In the foreground of the picture we can see rocks, plants and sand. In the middle of the picture we can see rock looking like a mountain. In the background there is sky.
In this image there are two chairs, and couch on the couch there are pillows and in the center there is a table. On the table there are bowls, at the bottom there is floor and carpet and in the background there are cupboards. In the cupboards there are books, pots, clock, photo frame and some other objects. And at the top there is chandelier and wooden ceiling, and in the center there is a window and light. Through the window we could see some trees, and on the left side there are some objects.
This image is taken from the top view. In the foreground, I can see buildings, houses, windows and some objects. In the background of the image, I can see water, plants, the trees, houses, the mountains and the sky.
This image consists of a dining table along with the chairs. At the top, there is light hanged to the roof. In the front, we can see a window along with the curtains. At the bottom, there is a floor. In the background, there is a wall. And we can see the buildings through the window.
In this picture I can see a man in a red color vehicle. On the left side of this picture, I can see few boxes. I see that, it is white and grey color in the background. I can also see that, this is a depiction picture.
In the foreground we can see trees, cars, snow and road. In the middle of the picture it is a wall painted red.
This picture is clicked inside the room. In the middle of the picture, we see a countertop on which the objects are placed. On the right side, we see a black color object and a white color object. Beside that, we see the cupboards. We see a black color object which looks like a gas stove and a white color object looks like a dishwasher. On the left side, we see a grey color object and a refrigerator. Behind that, we see the cupboards and a cream color object. In the background, we see the windows. At the top, we see a light and the ceiling of a room. On the right side, it is black in color.
This image consists of few people playing volleyball. At the bottom, there is a volleyball court and we can see a logo on the floor. In the middle, there is a net and we can see a person standing on a stool near the net. In the background, there are steps on which there are few people sitting. And we can see the gates. At the top, there is a roof along with metal rods and lights. In the background, we can see the text on the wall. In the middle, there is a volleyball in the air.
In this image I can see in the middle a woman is sitting, in the background there are photo frames on the wall.
This image is taken outdoors. At the bottom of the image there is a pond with water and there are many stones and a few fishes in the pond. In the background there are few rocks and there's grass on the ground. There are a few plants.
This image consists of a wooden house along with a window and a door. In the front, we can see the steps. At the bottom, there is ground and we can see the rocks. In the background, there are many trees and we can see the sky. On the right, there are plants. On the left, we can see a brown color object. It looks like there is another house.
In this image we can see fort. Also we can see bridge. On the ground there are stones. Also we can see grass. And there is water. In the background we can see hills and trees. And there is sky with clouds.
In this picture we can see the view of the city, where we can see the road from the top view, we can see number of vehicles moving on road, beside there are buildings, in between there are light poles and there are trees, top there is sky.
In the image we can see wash basin, water taps and small bottles. Here we can see the mirror and in the mirror, we can see the reflection of light. Here we can see towel, floor and the light.
In this image in the foreground there is a grass. It is a playground. There are audience seats.
In this picture we can see there are poles, a wall, water, sand and trees. At the top of the image, there is the sky.
In this picture we can see the inside view of a building. Inside the building, there are chairs, desks and some other objects. At the top of the image, there are ceiling lights.
In this image we can see some vehicles on the road. We can also see the street poles, a group of trees, some buildings, a fence and the sky which looks cloudy.
In this image, we can see sheds, poles, stairs, logs, bricks and there are metal objects. We can see tyres, clothes hanging on the rope and there are people. In the background, there are trees, flags and there are boats on the water. At the top, there are clouds in the sky.
In this image I can see a building and in the front of the building I can see few plants and number of people are standing. I can also see something is written on the building and in the background I can see few trees and the sky.
In this image I can see road and I can also see cars, pavement, tree trunks, tree branches, leaves, buildings, glasses, stairs, wires, gate and in the background I can see trees, some objects and sky.
In this picture we can see a few vehicles on the road. There are trees and other objects are visible in the background. We can see the sky.
In this image we can see floor, carpet, chairs, tables, sofa, flower vases, wall, ceiling, curtains, window, ceiling light, and other objects.
In this picture we can see women sitting on a chair, in front there are sandals placed, back side there are different kinds of sandals placed in shelves, top there are lights, back side there is curtain, down there is wooden floor.
In this image we can see persons sitting on the chair and seating stool, wall hangings attached to the wall, information boards and electric lights to the roof.
In this image we can see vehicles on the road. Also we can see grass on the ground. There are trees. In the background we can see building and sky.
In this picture we can see white shade house in the image. In the front we can see silver car parked on the road. Behind we can see dry trees.
In this image we can see a table and chairs. On the table, we can see plates, glasses, forks, napkins and food. On the right side of the image, we can see the flowers. In the background, we can see the wall and objects arranged in a cupboard. At the top of the image, we can see the chandelier. We can see floor at the bottom of the image.
The image looks like an edited picture. In the middle we can see rocks. At the bottom there is greenery. At the top it looks like sky.
In the image I can see the picture of a frame in which I can see a water fountain and some trees, plants and the sky.
In this image in the center there are desks, at the bottom there are cupboards, dustbins, and there is a carpet. And in the background there is glass window, board and wall.
In this image there are a group of trees, and in the center there is one person. At the bottom there is grass and walkway.
In this image there is a chair, bottles hanged on the wall in the left corner. There is a table with some object on it, cupboard with television and objects on it, some posters on wall in the right corner. There is chair, a table with objects on it, bed, blanket in the foreground. There are windows, a wall with some posters in the foreground. The roof is at the top. And there is a floor at the bottom.
In this image on the right side there is one man who is standing and he is wearing spectacles, in front of him there is a wall. On the wall there are some paintings and in the background also there is wall, on the wall it looks like there are some broad like objects.
In this image there are trees and we can see logs. At the bottom there are plants.
In the right bottom, we see a bathtub and a towel. Behind that, we see a black wall and the curtains in green color. In the middle, we see a chair and a pillow. Beside that, we see a fireplace. In the background, we see a wall on which a mirror and a photo frame are placed.
In this image it looks like the inside view of some kind of building. At the right side of the image there are barrels placed in line on the floor. At the left side of the image there are many people and objects here and there. There are some kind of lights and spotlights on the ceiling.
In this picture we can see a washing area with 2 washing machines. We have 2 tables on which baskets are kept & there is an iron on the table. In the cupboard we have clothes.
In this image we can see chairs. In the back there is a stage with curtains. On the ceiling there are lights. Also there are steps with handles.
In the image I can see the picture of a room where we have a bed and also I can see some tables, plants and some curtains to the wall.
In this image I can see cars and I can also see road, boards with some text printed on them, rods, something looking like concrete partitions, barrier, light poles and in the background I can see buildings, trees, towers and sky.
In this image there are the metal objects on the right side and in the background there is a wall with the bricks.
In this picture I can see vehicles, there are flags with the poles, there are boards, there are trees, and in the background there are buildings and there is the sky.
In this image I can see the inside view of a washroom. There is a bathtub, cupboards, wash basins, taps, mirror attached to the wall, bulbs, a window , shower door sliders, and ceiling lights.
In this image we can see the trees, plants, houses, fencing wall, gate and also the benches. We can also see two persons sitting on the bench which is on the path. Sky is also visible in this image.
In this image i can see the garden, in the middle i can see the water, near that there is a bench, there are few trees, at the top we can see the sky.
In this image we can see a group of people standing on the ground. One person is holding a mobile in his hand. Two women are holding bags, we can also see a baby carrier. On the right side of the image we can see trash bin, light poles and group of trees. In the center of the image we can see a group of buildings with windows, railings. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
In this image we can see objects in the rack. There are lights. There is a wall. There is a house plant and an object on the table. There are frames on the wall.
In this image, I see cupboards with doors and a sink on top of it with a steel tap, I see refrigerator and washing machine under the cupboards and I also see a micro wave oven on the top, beside it I see a wall and a wooden door.
In this image I can see few trees, water, grass and the sky is in blue and white color.
In the foreground, I can see commodes, toilet bowls and I can see a group of people sitting on commodes in front of a table. On which I can see food items in vessels and two persons holding some objects in hand. And I can see pipes. In the background, I can see some paintings on walls and I can see houseplants, people standing on the floor and I can see few people are sitting. And I can see two persons sitting on the chairs. And I can see doors, lights on a rooftop, some objects and people.
In the picture I can see a polar bear, the water and the snow.
In this image in the center there are chairs, and on the left side there is a table, lamp and on the right side there is a table, flower bouquet, photo frame, jar and there are photo frames on the wall and some object. At the bottom there is floor and at the top there is ceiling, lights.
This picture is clicked outside. On the right we can see the group of people seems to be walking on the ground and we can see the backpacks. On the left we can see the lampposts, group of vehicles, green grass and some other items. In the center we can see the trees and the buildings. In the background we can see the sky and we can see some other objects.
In this image I can see the ground, some snow on the ground, few trees and a building which is brown and white in color. In the background I can see few trees and the sky.
In this image, we can see vehicles on the road and in the background, there are buildings, trees, poles, boards with text, pillars, people and there is a houseplant. At the top, there is sky.
In this picture I can see trees on the left and right side. I can see the rock. I can see the sky is clear.
In this image I can see number of plants and number of trees.
In this image there is a building in the red color. There is a clock on the top of the building and there is another building on the building. On the left side people are walking. There is an electric pole in the background left side. There is a sky.
In this picture I can observe some people sitting on the chairs in front of dining table. I can observe plates, glasses and food in the plates on the table. There are men and women in this picture.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the sand. In the middle, we see a wooden canopy under which two people are sleeping. Beside that, we see a wooden object. On the left side, we see a tree. Behind the canopy, we see a tree. In the background, we see water and this water might be in the sea. This picture might be clicked at the beach.
In this image there is a bed. On top of it there are pillows. Beside the bed there is a lamp. There is a table. In the background of the image there is a mirror on the wall.
In this picture, we see a roller coaster and some other games. In the right bottom, we see a board in yellow with the paintings of the man, woman and the trees. At the bottom, we see a tent in blue color and we see the iron railings. In the right top, we see a light. There are buildings and trees in the background. At the top, we see the sky. This picture might be clicked in the park.
In this picture we can see a kid sitting on a stroller with a bag. We can see some fencing. We can see the dinosaur skeleton on a platform. We can see a clock, lights, pillars, arches, sculpture, carvings, an object in the shape of a bird, a person and a board. On this board, we can see the images. We can see the hand of a person on the right side.
In this image we can see buildings, houseplants, trash bin, name board, bushes, trees and sky with clouds in the background.
This is the picture of a room. In the foreground there is an object on the table and there are chairs and there are objects in the cupboard and there are books on the table. At the back there is a door and there are windows and there are mountains and trees behind the windows. At the top there is sky. At the bottom there is a floor.
In this image in the center there is a table and there are chairs around the table, and at the bottom there is floor. And in the background there are shelves, and in the shelves there are books. And at the top there is an object which is white in color, and there is a rope and we could see wall.
In this image, I see a concrete wall, on the left I see concrete floor, steel railing and a crane, on the right side I see tiny stones, few steel poles placed in the water. In the background I see few plants, group of trees, a house, few electrical poles with wires on it and a huge board and a cloudy sky at the top.
In this picture I can see the electronic device in the foreground. I can see the bottles, machine on the table on the right side. I can see the glass window on the left and right side. I can see the electronic device, plastic objects on the left side. I can see the cotton threads on the shelves in the background.
In this picture I can see a kettle on the gas stove and I can see oven and I can see few vessels in the wash basin and few bottles, a chopping board and a knife stand on the counter top and I can see microwave oven and few cupboards and from the glass window I can see trees and couple of lights.
This image consists of buildings along with windows and doors. In the front, we can see an arch. At the bottom, there is a road. In the background, there is a building and we can see the sky.
In this image we can see the pool, dolphin, stairs, railing, plants, trees and also the people sitting on the benches. We can also see a person standing.
In this image at the bottom there are some crops, and in the background it looks like there are trees. And at the top there is sky and at the bottom of the image we could see some grains.
This image is taken indoors. At the top of the image there is a roof. At the bottom of the image there is the floor. In the middle of the image we can see the walls. There are many shelves. There is a mirror on the shelf. There might be a fireplace. There are few objects on the shelf. There is a window. Through the window we can see there are many trees and plants. On the left side of the image there is a couch. There are two pillows on the couch. There is an object on the floor. On the right side of the image there is a lamp. There is a sofa. There is a basket. There are three pillows on the sofa. There are two stools. We can see the flower vase. There are two objects. There is a mat on the floor.
This image consists of many buildings along with windows and doors. And we can see the potted plants. At the bottom, there is a road. On the left, there is a pavement. On the right, there are vehicles and we can see a board. In the background, there is a mountain and we can see the trees. At the top, there are clouds in the sky. At the bottom left, the image is dark.
At the bottom of the image there is water. On the water there are few plants floating. And also there is grass. In the background there are trees. At the top of the image there is sky.
In front of the picture, we see a snooker pool table on which the wooden sticks and the balls are placed. Beside that, we see a chair and a table on which a black color object and a lamp are placed. On the right side, we see an old man who is wearing a hat is standing. Beside him, we see a wall and a man in the blue blazer is standing. In front of him, we see a table. In the background, we see a wall on which a photo frame is placed. At the top, we see the chandelier.
This is a blurry image. In this image, we can see tree and yellow color field. In the background, we can see trees, pole and sky.
In this picture we can see few poles, lights and group of people, few people are standing and few are sitting on the chairs, in the background we can see few buildings, hoardings, trees, bicycles and tents, on the right side of the image we can see a dustbin.
In the foreground of the image we can see black color mud, small plants and a girl standing were as she wearing blue color shirt and black color shot. In the middle of the image we can see water body. black color mud. On the top of the image we can see the sky and snow.
In this image there is a freezer, in that there are bakery items, in the background there is a wall, for that wall there are boards, on that boards there is some text.
In this picture I can see a bus and few cars on the road. I can also see a person. In the middle of this picture, I can see a bridge. In the background, I can see the buildings and the clear sky.
In this image I can see wooden stairs and I can also see snow, wall, some other items and in the background I can see tree branches and sky.
This image is taken indoors. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. At the top of the image there is a roof. In the background there are a few walls. There is a window and there is a door. Through the window we can see there are a few trees and two cars are parked on the road. In the middle of the image there is a kitchen platform with a few things on it. There is a television. There is a bench and there are two empty chairs. There are a few objects. There is a lamp and there are few lights.
In this image there is a bed with the pillows on the left side. There is a clock. There are sceneries on the wall. There is a fan. On the right side there is a table with the mirror. There is a glass window. In the background there are the trees.
In the image it looks like a bedroom, there is a bed and there are two lamps on the either side of the bed, on the right side there is a chair and in the background there is a wall, in between the wall there are windows.
This is an inside view. It seems to be a factory. Here I can see few machines. On the right side there is a person standing on the floor. At the top of the image I can see the ceiling.
In this image there is a wooden flooring. There are tables with the chairs on the both sides. There are windows on the both sides. In the background there are steps.
In the foreground, I can see a fire hydrant, a fence with some text on boards. And I can see a light pole, sign boards, traffic lights and some objects on the road. In the background, I can see buildings, pillars, some metal objects and the blue sky.
In this picture I can see buildings and few cars on the road and I can see few pole lights and a crane and I can see a blue cloudy sky.
In this image we can see buildings, vehicles, road, and trees. There is a white background.
In this picture I can see a bath tub and a napkin on it and I can see a mirror and a wash basin and I can see lights and a napkin to the metal ring holder.
In this image we can see the musical keyboards and also the stools. We can also see the floor and also the wall.
In the image we can see the bed and on the bed we can see the blanket and two pillows. Here we can see lamp, wooden cupboard and door. Here we can see the carpet, fence and on the bottom right and top left we can see the watermark.
In this picture we can see the wall with poles. We can see a black object on the ground. We can see grass and chairs. In the background we can see trees, a rooftop and the sky.
In the image I can see the picture of a room where we have a bed and see some things on the table and also I can see a lamp and a curtain to the window.
The image is taken in a washroom. On the left we can see frames, sink, taps, mirror, towels and other objects. In the middle we can see curtain and basin. On the right there is a bathtub and wall.
In this image we can see a table with pop, bottles and many other things. Also we can see clay pots. And there is a wall with some decorative items. In the back there is a window. Also there is a switchboard and few other things.
In this image, I see few cars on the road, at the center I see tiny stones, on the right side I see a pole with a board on it, on either sides of the road I see hills and a clear sky at the top.
In this image, we can see cars on the road. On the both sides of the image, we can see the buildings. In the background, we can see greenery. At the top of the image, we can see the sky and wires. There are some colorful ribbons in the foreground of the image. On the left side of the image, we can see a pole and sign boards.
In this image I can see an open grass ground and in the front I can see few poles and few wires. In the background I can see number of trees, the sky and I can also see this image is little bit blurry.
This image consists of a conference hall. In the front, we can see the tables along with a chairs. On the table, we can see some objects. In the background, there is a projector screen. On which, we can see the text and depiction of persons. On the left, there is a person wearing a suit is standing. At the bottom, there is floor. At the top, there is a roof and we can see the lights. On the right, there is a wall.
In this image we can see a meter, an equipment and also the wall and some other objects.
This picture seems to be clicked inside the building. On the right we can see the text on the posters and we can see the roof, lights, wall and some other items.
In this picture we can see the grass, water, plants, buildings, trees, some objects and in the background we can see the sky.
This image consists of a vehicle in yellow color. In which we can see a man. At the bottom, there are rocks and stems of a tree. In the background, there are trees.
This picture is clicked outside. On the right we can see a kid standing, holding some object and bending forward and we can see there are some objects lying on the ground and we can see the mud. In the background we can see the green grass, net and the metal rod and we can see some other items.
In this image in the front there are tables and on the tables there are glasses, plates, bowls and food and there are persons sitting and smiling. In the background there is cutlery and there are persons standing and on the left side there is a window. On the right side there are posters on the wall. In the background there is a cupboard with some text written on it and there is a door, there is a wall. On the right side there is a bag which is blue and black in colour.
In this picture, we see the painting boards and the stands with the paintings painted on it. At the bottom, we see the objects which look like the photo frames. Beside that, we see a photo frame and a table or a stand. Beside that, we see the books. On the right side, we see a curtain and a window. Beside that, we see a wall. In the background, we see a wooden rack in which the objects are placed. These objects are in grey, white, brown, blue, red and black color. In the right bottom, we see the floor.
In the foreground, I can see a couch with cushions and I can see a square table and some object on the floor. And I can see a TV on a table having some objects. And I can see a lamp on a stand and other thing. In the background, I can see curtains, walls, lights on a rooftop and I can see windows. Through which I can see buildings.
In the image there is a table, around that there are empty chairs and behind the table there are some bottles and books kept in the shelves, around the shelves there are different paintings in front of the wall, there are two lamps attached to one of the painting on the right side, beside that in front of the wall there is a cabinet and there are some bottles kept on the cabinet.
In this image I can see a table, a sofa chair, a sofa and on the sofa I can see a cushion. On the table I can see few stuffs and on the left side I can see a cupboard, a television and in the cupboard I can see few electronic devices. In the background I can see a fireplace, two windows, window blinds and few stuffs on the rack. On the right side of the image I can see a lamp and a door. I can also see the sky and few trees through the windows and through the door.
In this image I can see a toilet seat, a flusher, a countertop and on it I can see a white colour thing, a box, for jars and other things. On the left side of this image I can see a sink and a mirror on the wall. On the right side I can see a door.
This is a picture of inside of the house, in this image in the center there is a cupboard, book rack, and in the book rack there are books. And on the book rack there are books photo frames, and also we could see some balls, chair, photo frames on the wall, light, switch board. At the top there is ceiling, and at the bottom there is floor.
In the image there are few sheds with walls, doors, windows and few other things. On the right side of the image there is a car and few other things. At the top of the image there is sky with clouds.
At the bottom of the picture, we see water and this water might be in the lake. In the middle, we see a boat is sailing on the water. We see a man in the red T-shirt is riding the boat. There are trees and grass in the background.
This image might be taken in the house. In this image we can see table. On the right side of the image we can see chair. In the background we can see fireplace, photo frames, window pane, chair, shelves and wall. At the top we can see fan.
In this picture we can see vehicles, ground, poles, boards, lights, fence, trees and buildings. In the background of the image we can see the sky with clouds.
In this image, we can see rods, commode, curtain, glass window, poster, rack, sign board, door and handle. At the bottom, there is a floor. Here we can see white color object on the floor.
In this image we can see people walking on the road. In the background of the image there are buildings, sign boards, cars. At the top of the image there is sky.
In this image there is a huge building, in front of the building there are so many people standing, few are sitting on the horses and there is a vehicle on which there is a woman sitting that vehicle is pulled by a horse, there are few flags poles. At the top of the image we can see there are leaves of a tree. In the background there is a joint wheel and the sky.
In this image, I can see a couch and a chair, which are on the floor. I can see a lamp, books, bowl, few other objects on the tables and there is a house plant. On the left side of the image, I can see the iron grilles through a glass door.
In this image we can see three couch with some pillows, a chair, a table, a flower vase with flowers, a carpeted floor, a glass table, a glass bottle on that table, a standing lamp light, a wooden framed glass window, a curtain and some photo frame in a selves, we can also see some lights on the rooftop. In background we can see a white color wooden door and a white color wall as well.
In this picture I can see the plants and an arch in front. In the background, I can see the hills and the sky.
This is the picture of a room. In the foreground there are chairs and there might be a table. At the back there are windows and there are trees behind the windows. At the bottom there is a floor and there is an object on the floor.
In this image I can see chairs, equipments, house plant, wall painting on a wall, door and buildings. This image is taken may be in a room.
This is the picture of a room. In the foreground there are balls on the table and there is a man standing and holding the object and there are boards on the wall and there is a picture of a cup and saucer and there is text on the board. At the back there are objects on the table and there is a window and there is a tree behind the window. At the top there is a chandelier. At the bottom is a floor.
In this picture we can see a green tent built on grass in front of which there is a cat.
This picture is clicked inside the hall. In the foreground we can see the group of chairs. On the left we can see the wall. At the top there is a roof and the lights. In the background we can see the ground and some other items. On the right corner we can see the stairway.
In this picture I can see few vehicles and people on the path. I can also see a traffic signal and few poles. In the background, I can see the buildings, trees and the sky. I can also see boards on which there are words written.
In the image there is a wall and there are two lights to the roof, there is a tap on the marble floor and beside the tap there is a pot, on the right side there is a pillar.
In this picture I can see 3 people skiing on the snow. In the background, I can see the snowy mountains.
In this image we can see vehicle on the road, trees, building, window and clouds in the sky.
In this picture, we see a table on which candles, glass containing pens, papers, pens, bowls and the flower vases are placed. On either side of the table, we see the chairs. On the left side, we see the curtains, wall and lights. In the background, we see a cupboard and a table on which flower vases and a laptop are placed. At the top, we see the ceiling of the room.
This is a picture of a stadium. We can see the ground, railings, windows, poles, doors and on the right side of the picture we can see seating arrangement.
In this picture we can see trains on the tracks, on top of the trains we can see cables, in the background we can find clouds.
In this image there are buildings, in front of the buildings there are a few people walking on the road and there is a vehicle parked, there are a few boards with some text are hanging on the wall of the buildings. In the background there is the sky.
In this image there are beds. On top of it there are bed sheets and pillows. In the background of the image there is a wall. There are curtains. There is a glass window. On the right side of the image there is a wooden wardrobe. At the top of the image there is a light. At the bottom of the image there is a floor.
In this image we can see cars on the road. In the background, we can see a building with glass windows.
This picture is an inside view of a room. In the center of the image we can see the door, curtains, flower pots, table. On the table we can see a flower pot, book and some other objects. In the background of the image we can see the rack, couches, pillows, flower pot, board on the wall, lamps, table and some other objects. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor. At the top of the image we can see the roof.
In this picture we can see the table, chairs on the floor, house plants, door, cupboards, teapot, sink, ceiling, frames on the wall, windows and some objects.
In this picture I can see a bed having some pillows, blanket, on the bed a bag is placed, behind there is a designed wall and some objects are placed on the table.
In this image we can see a group of people standing on the floor. In that a woman is holding a jacket and a man is holding some papers. We can also see two people sitting on the chairs holding a device and a suitcase. We can also see a stand, some clothes on a hanger, a curtain to a window and the walls.
This is an edited photo. In the foreground, I can see a woman wearing goggles and a bag is holding some object in hand. And I can see a woman holding some object in hands. And I can see a person wearing goggles, a locket and a ring in a finger. In the background, I can see a board on a wall. In which I can see depictions and some text. And I can see lights on a rooftop and some objects.
In this image there are chairs on the floor. Left side there is a person holding a bag. Beside there is a table having a flower vase. Beside there is a podium having a mike. Right side there is a stand having a flower vase. Beside there is a wooden furniture. Background there is a wall having a poster attached to it.
In the foreground I can see a fridge, photos, cabinet on which vessels and some objects are kept. In the background I can see a wall, window, shelves and lights. This image is taken may be in a room.
In this image there are empty chairs and there is a stand. On the stand there are books. On the right side there is a table, on the table there is a box which is green in colour and there are books. In the background there is a door and there is a frame on the wall which is on the left side and there is a text written on the wall and there are symbols of stars. On the right side there are black objects hanging on the wall and on the top there are lights.
In this image there is a waterfall in the center and there are trees in the background and the sky is cloudy.
This picture is clicked outside. On the left we can see the lamp post and in the center we can see the vehicles and the persons like things and we can see the buildings and some other items. In the background we can see the sky and the hills and some other items.
In this image I can see chair and I can also see table with some items, floor, carpet, some red color object, mirror, door, wall, windows, curtains and in the background I can see trees.
In the foreground of this image, there are sofas, couches on which there are people sitting on it and we can also see chairs, tables on which there are few objects, railing, few people standing, wall, plant, windows, pipes, few boards in the background and lights to the ceiling.
In the image there are vehicles on the road. And also there are buildings and few decorative things. At the top of the image there is sky.
In this picture we can see grass, plants, trees, building, bench, light and flag on poles. In the background of the image we can see the sky with clouds.
In this picture I can see plants on the ground and I can see blue cloudy sky.
In this picture I can see there are snooker tables and a set of balls placed on it, in the background there is a table tennis board, a blackboard and photo frames placed on the wall and there are windows on the left.
This is an inside view of a bedroom. In this picture we can see beds with blankets and pillows. We can see lumps on the tables. We can see a door, curtains and there is a frame on the wall. At the top of the image we can see the ceiling. On the left side of the picture we can see a microwave oven on a white refrigerator. We can see a chair on the floor. We can see a wooden object.
In this image I can see on the left side few people are walking, on the right side there is snow, in the middle there are trees. In the background there are houses and hills, at the top there is the sky.
This picture is an inside view of a room. In the center of the image we can see a table, bow, chairs. In the background of the image we can see the windows, curtains, photo frame on the wall, switchboards, decor, table and object. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor, table and object. At the top of the image we can see the roof and chandelier.
In the background of the picture we can see chairs, couch, table, flower vase, flowers, candles and various objects. In the background there are trees, door, frames, desk, wall and other objects. On the left we can see a frame. At the bottom it is floor.
In this image on the left side there is an object and it looks like a flower pot, and in that object there is something it seems and there is a glass door and wooden object. And there is a curtain it seems and wall, and on the right side there is a railing and wall. And in the background there are buildings, wired and there is a walkway. And it looks like there is a river and pole, and at the top there is sky.
In this image I can see the house. In the background I can see few trees, mountains and the sky is in blue and white color.
In this image there is a road, on that road vehicles are moving, in the background there is a bridge, poles and the sky.
In this image we can see some food items, candies, spices, people and some other objects. At the bottom of the image there is the floor. In the background of the there are some people and other objects. At the top of the image there is the roof.
This image is taken indoors. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. At the top of the image there is a roof and there are a few lights. There are a few lamps and there is a chandelier. In the middle of the image there are a few walls. There is a door. On the right side of the image there are a few cupboards. There is a kitchen platform with sink and a tap. There is a railing.
In this image we can see many flower bouquets and one woman standing, on the right we can see one object, above that there are few objects.
In this image, I see a table with steel objects and plates on it, beside it I see another table with few chairs around it and on the table I see few flower vases and spoon, beside it I see few other tables and
In this picture I can see a bed with a blanket and pillows, there are chairs, tables, there are photo frames, landline telephone and a lamp on the table, there are curtains, doors. Through the doors I can see a ladder and trees.
In this image we can see road, grass, trees. And we can see the poles. And we can see the hill. And we can see the sky.
In this image, I see couple of cows lying on the green grass field and another cow is standing, behind them I see few small poles and group of trees, I also see a bridge and group of trees behind them and a mountain with a cloudy sky at the top.
In the image we can see the wash basin and water taps. Here we can see floor, pipe and the wall.
This is an outside view. On the left side, I can see the stairs. In the middle of the image there are few people walking on the ground and few people are sitting on the stairs. On the right side there is a person wearing a bag and climbing the stairs. In the background there are many pillars and trees and also I can see few buildings. On the ground, I can see the grass. In the top left-hand corner, I can see the sky.
On the right we can see wall and some wooden objects. On the left we can see wall and wooden objects. In the center of the background we can see door and wall. At the top we can see ceiling and light.
In this image there are small plants and building in the left corner. There is a potted plant, wall and building in the right corner. There is a vehicle, small plants and shed in the foreground. There is a floor at the bottom. And there is a sky at the top.
In this image at the bottom there is a walkway and in the foreground there are plants and there is some object, in the background there are buildings and we could see doors and there is a board on the building. oO the board there is text and on the left side there are plants and at the top of the building there is a rod and at the top there is sky.
In the foreground I can see two bicycles on the road. In the background I can see plants, trees and a building. This image is taken may be during a day.
In the image there is a water surface and in between the water surface there is a hut, trees and some grass. Around the water surface there are a lot of trees.
In the foreground of the image, I can see plants, a depiction, poles, the trees, light poles, a building with pillars, a wall, an entrance and some object. In the background of the image, I can see the blue sky.
In the center of the image we can see persons on the horses. On the right and left side of the image we can see grass, trees and fencing. In the background we can see trees and sky.
In this picture at the bottom this is the table and there are three chairs placed accordingly.
In this image there are trees. In the background of the image there is a wall. At the bottom of the image there is a sand.
In this image there are two beds having pillows. Left side there is a side table having a lamp on a it. Few picture frames and lights attached to the wall having a window. Right side there is a table having a lamp. Top of the image a light is attached to the roof.
In this image I can see a building. There are few persons walking on the ground. I can see few pillars. At the top I can see the sky.
In this image I can see at the bottom there are pillows, in the middle there are flowers in a flower vase and there is a sofa. At the top there are photo frames on the wall.
In this image, we can see a table in front of chairs contains flower pot. There is a photo frame on the wall. There is a token display machine in the top left of the image. There is a bench and planter in the bottom right of the image. There is a stand on the right side of the image.
In this picture I can see the planets and number of trees in front. On the right side of this picture, I can see the fencing and a house. In the middle of this picture, I can see the water. In the background, I can see the sky.
In this picture on the right side this is the wash-basin and on the left side this is a microwave. And the bottom is the surface.
In this image in the center there are groups of vehicles, and at the bottom there is road. And at the bottom of the image it looks like there is another vehicle, and also we could see trees, poles and objects. And there is pavement and on the right side and left side there are buildings, and it looks like there are some boards and at the top there is sky.
In the foreground of the picture we can see a table. On the table there are few objects. In the middle of the picture we can see bottles, jars, a machine and various objects. In the background there are staircase, door, wall and other objects.
In this picture there are mountains and there are trees and their might be a house. At the top there is sky and there are clouds. At the bottom there is a road.
In this image I can see a person walking on the road. There are few cars on the road. I can see few buildings. In the background there are some trees. I can see some poles. At the top I can see the sky.
In this image I can see the bed and I can see few pillows on the bed and I can also see two lamps, the television and few statues and I can also see the mirror and the frame attached to the wall.
In this image I can see the black colored floor and a black colored table. In the background I can see the wall and a huge banner. I can see a pole, few windows, the ceiling and few lights to the ceiling.
In the center of the image we can see persons standing at the table. On the table we can see machines, tissue and some food items in the can. In the background we can see tap, counter top, fan, menu board, player and some papers on the wall. On the left side of the image we can see woman holding glass.
In this image there are tables, chairs. There are metal rods. There are bottles, TV and a few other objects on the tables. In the background of the image there is a board on the wall. There are some objects on the platform. On the left side of the image there are glass doors through which we can see trees, buildings. At the top of the image there are lights. At the bottom of the image there is a floor.
In the foreground of this image, there is a man sitting on the chair holding a pencil and drawing on a white sheet which is on a painting board. Behind him, there are books, toy statue, brushes, window, text, wall, stand, bag and another window on the right.
In this image on the right side and left side there are vehicles, and at the bottom there is road and the vehicles are white and grey in color. And also there are some covers, and on the right side of the image there are some wires and there are objects, pipe. And in the background there are airplanes, on the airplanes there is text and also in the background it looks like there are vehicles, airplanes and there is building, poles. And there is grass and there are objects on the floor and at the top there is sky.
In this picture we can see three ladies are standing on the stage and smiling. In the background of the image we can see the board, screen and some people are standing. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor. In the bottom left corner we can see a person's head. At the top, the image is dark.
In this image I can see inflatable wrestling ring and I can also see two people in black and yellow color dresses with big boxing gloves, grass, another human being, fence, rods and in the background I can see trees and sky.
In this image there are tables, on that tables there is a cloth and few objects, in the background there is a wall for that wall there is a painting, at the top there is a ceiling.
In this picture we can see a person wearing white shirt and playing board game, top there are lights, beside there is curtain to the glass window.
This image consists of grass, two persons are sitting on benches, container, trees, fence, buildings and vehicles on the road. This image is taken may be in a park.
In this picture we can see buildings, there is a clock tower in the middle, we can see the sky at the top of the picture.
In the image there is a beach and in front of the beach there is a sand surface, in the background there are mountains.
In this image I can see a photo of water, trees, hills and sky and the background is white.
This is a blurry image. In this image, we can see hills, trees, and walkway. In the background, there is the sky.
In the image, inside a room there are couches, chairs, potted plants and few other things. And also there are tables with lamps and photo frames on it. At the bottom of the image there is a table with a vase on it. Below the table there is a mat. In the background there is a wall with a mirror and curtain.
In this image we can see the houses, stairs, trees, grass and also the boats on the surface of the water. We can also see the sky.
In this image we can see buildings, name boards, electric poles, electric cables, persons standing on the road, motor vehicles on the road, traffic poles, traffic signals, trees, trash bins and sky with clouds.
In this image there is a building, in front of the building there are trees, electric poles with cables, rock fence and lamp post.
In this picture this look like a lift and this side are the wall and on the top this is light.
In the image we can see a man wearing clothes, cap, headsets and the man is holding a rifle in his hands. Here we can see stones, grass, trees and the sky.
In this image we can see there is a cat on the chair. There is a staircase. There is a wall.
In this image, we can see some trees. There is a dock at the bottom of the image. There are boats floating on the water. There are some plants in the bottom left and in the bottom right of the image. There is a sky at the top of the image.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the grass and the white color things which look like the rocks. In the middle, we see the elephants. On the right side, we see a water body and we see the elephants. On the left side, we see a tree. In the background, it is black in color. This picture might be clicked in the dark.
In this image we can see people on the sidewalk. There is a lady holding an umbrella. Also we can see tree. On the sides we can see buildings. There is a bus on the road. There are flags, light poles and boards.
In the background of the image we can see the trees, water. At the bottom of the image we can see the sand. At the top of the image we can see the clouds are present in the sky.
In this image I can see few trees in green color. In the background I can see the water.
This is an inside view of a room. In the middle of the image there is a table on which few bowls and some other objects are placed. Beside the table there are two chairs on which I can see the pillows. On the right side there is a plant. In the background there are three windows through which we can see the outside view. At the top of the image there is a chandelier.
In this image, we can see people in an aeroplane and are sitting and wearing headsets and one of them is wearing a cap. In the background, we can see buttons and some other objects.
In the foreground I can see cushions on a sofa, chair, tables, photo frames, houseplants, some objects. In the background I can see windows, buildings, musical instrument, door, light and wall. This image is taken may be in a hall.
In this picture I can see number of people, were most of them are sitting on chairs. On the top of this picture, I can see the lights. On the bottom side of this picture, I can see a railing. I see that, this picture is a bit in dark.
In the image I can see white color wall, glass window, candles, stands, white colored curtains, bin, bed, wooden floor, chair, cupboards, shelves, books, photo frames, table, wires and few objects. Through the glass door I can see buildings, trees and sky.
In this picture we can see two people sitting on swing chairs, here we can see the floor, pillars, roof, lights and in the background we can see trees.
In this image we can see the building, shrubs, poles and also the plants. We can also see the sky with some clouds.
In the center of the image we can see the tables, chairs and a person is sitting on a chair and holding an object. In the background of the image we can see the doors, boards, wall, poles, barricade. At the bottom of the image we can see the floor and table. At the top of the image we can see the roof and lights.
On the right and left side of the image we can see buildings, trees, street lights. At the bottom of the image we can see vehicles on the road. In the background there is sky.
In the image I can see the view of a place where we have a road and also I can see some hills, trees and plants.
On the right side, we see a wall containing the paintings of the man and woman. We see the paintings of the Jesus. In the middle, we see a wall and a window. On the left side, we see a window and a wall containing the photo frames or the paintings of the man and the woman. At the top, we see the roof of the building. This picture might be clicked in the church.
In this picture I can see number of vehicles and a person on the road. On the both sides of this picture, I can see number of buildings and the wires. In the background, I can see number of trees.
In the image, inside a room there are beds with blankets. There is a paper on the bed. Between the beds there is a table with a telephone, lamp and an object on it. In the background there is a wall.
In this image, there are chairs, a table and a wooden object on the floor. On the right side of the image, I can see a cupboard and there is a wall.
In this image in the center there are persons standing. On the right side there are cars, trees and buildings and in the center there is a clock stand and in the background there are vehicles, bicycles, buildings and the sky is cloudy.
In this picture I can see the lamp light, books, electronic device on the metal object on the left side. I can see the plant vase on the glass stand. I can see the electronic devices on the table on the right side. I can see the sitting chair on the right side. I can see the bed in the foreground. I can see the cloth in the middle of the image. I can see the books in the shelf. I can see the light pole. I can see the wall in the background.
In this image we can see a red color couch. At the bottom of the image there is a carpet. To the right side of the image there is a TV on a stand. In the background of the image there is wall, window, curtain. To the left side of the image there is wall. There are objects in shelves. At the top of the image there is ceiling with lights.
In this image we can see wooden houses. In the background of the image there are trees. At the bottom of the image there is grass.
In this image on the left side there is some object and it looks like a door, on the right side there is wall and some metal board.
In the given image i can see a buildings with windows,plants,electric poles included with lights,road,sand and in the background i can see the sky.
In this image we can see so many tables and chairs. In the background, we can see pillars, walls and books arranged in so many racks. At the top of the image, we can see the roof and lights. We can see floor at the bottom of the image. There is a book stand on the left side of the image.
In this picture there is an animal and we can see grass, wall, pillars, rocks and trees. In the background of the image we can see the sky with clouds.
In this image there is a building in the foreground. There is a airplane, sheds, vehicles and some objects in the background. And there is a green grass at the bottom.
In this image I can see the road. There are few vehicles on the road. On either side of the image there are few buildings. I can see some poles. At the top I can see the sky.
In this image I can see trees and a building. There is sky at the top.
This is the inside view of an airplane where we can see so many seats and windows.
In this image we can see a group of buildings with windows. We can also see a group of trees, a pole, the hills and the sky which looks cloudy.
In this picture I can see a person on the right side. I can see the wall in the foreground. I can see the buildings in the middle of the image. I can see water in the background. It is looking like mountains in the background. I can see clouds in the sky.
In this image we can see there are pillows on the bed. There are chairs. There is a flower vase on the table. There is a frame on the wall. There is a lamp on the table. There is a door.
In this image, I see a black colored car on the road with few people inside it, behind it I see green grass, few boards with some text written on it and a car. In the gas filling station I see few cars, gas filling machines, few people standing and some text written on its top. In the background I see few poles with flags on it, few houses, trees, factory exhaust poles with fire on one of the pole
In this picture I can see a washbasin, tap, bottles, stove, chimney and some other objects, there are cupboards, there is a window. Through the window I can see iron grilles, plant.
In this picture we can see a room with pink interior. Here we have a bath tub, a commode, a table with a bed lamp on it & a window with curtains.
In this image, I see a wooden hut with few green leaves, plants and green grass around it, at the top I see clear sky.
In this picture I can see the buildings on the left and right side. I can see tower buildings. I can see the sky is clear.
At the bottom of the picture, we see the plants and the grass. In the middle of the picture, we see the trees which have flowers or the leaves. These flowers or the leaves are in pink color. There are trees in the background. At the top, we see the sky.
In this image, we can see trees and plants on the ground and there are shadows. At the top, there is sky.
In this image, I see a bed with couple of pillows on it, behind it I see a table with few objects on it and a lamp on the wall. In the background I see transparent glass windows through it I can see green grass field, few dry trees and houses and a clear sky at the top.
In this image I can see in the middle there is a building, at the top there is the sky.
In the center of the image there are wooden benches. In the background of the image there are papers sticked on the wall. There is a person standing. At the bottom of the image there is floor. There are doors.
In this image there is a road with vehicles on the road here and there. At the left side of the image there is some kind of boundary wall, fence and some kind of object. There are also trees, something that looks like a bridge and electric poles with wires here and there. In the background there is sky.
In this picture we can see a building on the right side, at the bottom there is grass, on the left side we can see shrubs, there is a door in the middle, we can see chains at the bottom.
In this image there are some buildings, poles, lights and some vehicles. At the bottom there is road, and in the background there are buildings. At the top there is sky.
In this image I can see wooden objects. At the top there are lights hanged to the ceiling.
In this picture we can see a bed with blue canopy and the room has windows with blue curtains, and has a cupboard.
In this image there is wooden flooring. There is a table. On the table there are clothes and there is a red color ball. On the right side there is a wardrobe. There is a wall on the left side.
In this picture I can observe plants in the plant pots and some trees on the land. On the left side there is a building. In the background there is sky.
In the picture we can see part of the road and beside it, we can see path with a wooden railing on it and behind it, we can see a house with windows and near it also we can see a railing and behind the house we can see a snow surface and far away from it we can see many trees and behind it we can see the hills and the sky with clouds.
In this image we can see a sofa, pillows, tables, lamp, chair, carpet, floor, plant, wall, window, curtain, and other objects. Through the window we can see ground, plants, trees, and sky.
In the middle, we see an old man is standing. In front of him, we see a table on which some objects are placed. On the right side, we see a table on which the black color objects are placed. This table is covered with a white color sheet. On the left side, we see a rack and a table on which white color objects are placed. Beside that, we see a chair. In the background, we see a green wall on which the wooden objects, poster and the photo frames are placed.
This image is taken inside a bedroom. In the foreground, I can see a bed with pillows. And I can see a table with a lamp and some object. In the background, I can see a wall painting on a wall. And I can see tables with flowers vases. And I can see windows with curtains. And there is a light on a rooftop.
In this image I can see there are few cupboards visible on the left, there is a wash basin on the left, a table and it looks like a sofa visible on the right side.
In this image there is a woman holding a kid, in front of them there is another kid standing, beside them there is grass, rocks and mountains.
This image consists of a room in which there are sofas. In the middle, there is a table. At the bottom, there is a floor. On the left and right, there are lamps. And we can see a small mirror and a frame on the wall.
In this image we can see a bed room and in the bedroom there is big bed and on the bed we can see the white color bed sheet and white color pillows and on the bed there is also a red color cushion and at the bottom of the bed there is a red color cloth and on the left hand side of the room we can see a big mirror and the finishing of the mirror is in black color and in the mirror we can see the reflection of the bed and on the right hand side there is a small iron and glass table and on the table there is bed lamp with stand and on the roof we can see the red color cloth and on the floor there is a white color mat and we can also see the white color wall of the room and on the left hand side there is also another bed lamp
In this image I can see the chairs. I can see some objects on the table. In the background, I can see houses. I can see the flower pots. I can see the water and the sky.
In this image I can see the rock, few trees in green color. In the background I can see the water, mountains and the sky is in blue and white color.
In the image we can see some buildings. Background the image is blur.
In this image we can see road, vehicles, grass, poles, lights, trees, and a mountain. In the background there is sky.
This picture seems to be clicked inside the house. In the foreground we can see the railings and the stairway. At the top there is a roof. In the background we can see the wall, door and we can see some other items.
In this picture I can see bed and couple of cushions on it and I can see curtains to the windows and I can see a frame on the wall and couple of bed lamps on the tables and I can see another table with draws on the left side of the picture and I can see a ceiling fan.
In this image I can see few buildings. There are some trees. I can see few persons sitting on the bench.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky with clouds. In the background there are a few hills. At the bottom of the image there is a ground covered with snow. In the middle of the image there are a few houses and a building covered with snow. There is a tree. A few people are walking in the snow.
In the foreground, I can see pillows and blankets on a bed and I can see a cupboard with shelves. On which I can see some objects. And I can see a lamp and other things on a table. And I can see a floor mat and some object on the floor. In the background, I can see a photo frame on a wall. And I can see windows, curtain blinds. Through windows I can see the trees.
In this image in the center there is a building, poles, street lights, trees, boards, fire extinguisher, grass and some objects. And in the background there are buildings and trees, at the bottom there is road and at the top there is sky.
In this image I can see a road in the front and on it I can see a car. I can also see a pole, few wires, a building, few trees, few boards and on it I can see something is written. On the right side of the image I can see two more cars and the sky.
In this image, I can see the cupboards, drawers, induction stove, sink, tap, chimney and few other objects. There are curtains and I can see a window. At the bottom of the image, I can see the floor. On the right side of the image, It looks like a door. At the bottom right side of the image, there is a watermark.
In this image we can see some buildings with windows. We can also see the rocks, poles and the sky which looks cloudy.
In the image I can see the the view of a place where we have a sculpture at the center and also I can see some buildings and the sky.
In this image we can see floor, staircase, pillar, lights, glass door, and other objects.
This is a picture taken inside of a building, in this image on the right side there are beds. On the beds there are blankets and there is a lamp, and on the left side there are chairs and table. On the table there are objects and there are curtains and we could see wall and photo frames. And at the top there is ceiling and there is a light and it looks like there is some design on the ceiling, and at the bottom there is floor.
This image is taken outdoors. At the bottom of the image there are a few flowers and buds. There is a road. In the middle of the image a few cars are parked on the road. At the top of the image there are two buildings. There are many boards with text on them. There is a signboard. There is a tree and a few people are walking on the sidewalk. There are two dustbins on the sidewalk.
In this image, we can see a metal frame. There are windows at the top of the image. There are some bottles in the middle of the image.
In the center of the image we can see dining table and chairs. On the left side of the image we can see curtain. On the right side of the image we can see door and curtain. In the background we can see curtain, window and trees.
In this picture I can see trees, plants and I can see water falls.
This picture describes about inside view of a room, in this we can find a wash basin, tap, oven, cupboards and other things, on the left side of the image we can see sockets.
In this image I can see the waste material. In the background, I can see a building. I can see the smoke and the sky.
In the image there is a man and in front of him there is a marble floor, under that there are cupboards and on the marble floor there are some chemical bottles and other equipment, he is working with the equipment, in the background there are different bottles kept in the cupboards, above the bottles there are cardboard boxes, on the right side there is a window and in front of the window there is a machine.
In the image there is a road and on the road there are vehicles, few people, plants, pole lights and trees. Around the road there are many buildings and stores.
The picture consists of a snooker table, balls and light. At the top we can see fans, ceiling and light. In the background there are chairs, door and other objects. At the bottom there is floor.
In this image, we can see a person is standing near the power control panel. He is wearing a helmet. In the background, we can see the wall. At the top of the image, we can see the ceiling and lights. On the right side of the image, we can see the floor.
In this image there are sculptures on the wall. At the bottom of the image there is a floor. On the right side of the image there are some objects.
In this picture we can see gorilla standing, back side there is wall, in front there is plant.
This image consists of a bridge. At the bottom, there are rocks. On the left and right, we can see the trees. In the middle, we can see the poles. On the left, there is a small house. At the top, there is sky. And the image is blurred in the background.
This image might be taken in the bathroom. In this image we can see bathtub, towel, sink, tap, cupboards, toilet, glass windows and wall.
In this image i can see roman baths of bath, i can see the pillars, behind that there are few buildings, at the top i can see the sky.
In the center of the image we can see a bridge. In the background of the image we can see the buildings, windows, three, boats are present on the water, railing. At the top of the image we can see the sky.
In this picture we can see a bed with a bed sheet on it, table on the floor with a lamp, books, box on it, frames on the walls, pot, cupboard, window with curtains and some objects.
In the picture we can see the hall with tiles and around it we can see gaming machines with lights.
In this image we can see a large water body, the rocks, hills and the sky which looks cloudy.
In this picture I can see few people playing ice hockey in an indoor stadium. In the background, I can see the fencing and the wall. On the top of this picture, I can see the lights on the ceiling.
In this image there are bed, blanket and pillows , some frames on wall, table with a lamp on it in the left corner. There is a fireplace, mirror, some frames on wall and door in the right corner. There is a wall in the foreground and background. There is a floor at the bottom. And There are lights on roof at the top.
In this image, we can see buildings, walls, glass windows, railings, banners, shutter, chairs, boards, street lights, clothes, trees, plants and clothes. Here we can see vehicles are on the road. On the left side of the image, we can see a person is walking through the walkway. On the right side top of the image, we can see the dark view.
In the center of the image we can see a tent. There are trees. At the bottom there is grass. In the background there is sky.
On the right side, we see a table on which a lamp is placed. In the middle, we see a wooden table. Beside that, we see the chairs and the tables on which the lamps are placed. On the left side, we see a chair and beside that, we see a pillar and the plant pot. In the background, we see a white wall, pillars, plant pots and the windows. At the top, we see the chandelier. This picture is blurred.
In this image I can see there are two computers placed on the table and there are two keyboards and there are few objects placed on the floor and there is a chair.
In this image there are racks and we can see bags, frames, clocks and some objects placed in the racks. We can see clothes on the hangers. At the bottom we can see a floor mat. In the background there is a wall.
This image is taken outdoors. At the top of the image there is the sky. At the bottom of the image there is a road. In the middle of the image there is a building. There are two boards with text on them. A car is parked on the road.
In this image, we can see vehicles on the road and there are people and one of them is riding a bike. In the background, there are buildings, trees, boards, umbrellas, poles, traffic lights, railings and we can see bins. At the top, there is sky.
In this image there is a building like a dome, from the entrance of the building there is a vehicle. In the background there are trees and the sky. In front of the buildings there are two rods and a gate.
This image is taken inside the room and here we can see sofas, chairs, lamps on the stands, houseplants, cushions and there is a bowl containing fruits is placed on the table. We can see glass doors, through the glass we can see clouds in the sky, trees and there is water. At the top, there is a roof and we can see a fan. At the bottom, there is a floor. On the left, there is a cupboard.
In this image we can see people. In the background there are walls. At the bottom we can see a floor and there is a door.
In this image we can see a sofa, table, lamp, carpet, bed, frame, and a wall.
In this image we can see the sofas. And we can see the lamps. And we can see some objects on the glass table. And we can see the flower pots. And we can see the frames on the wall.
This is a picture taken inside of a room, in this image there are chairs. On the chairs there are pillows and also there is a table with a cloth, on the table there is a lamp, stand and it looks like there are lights. And in the center there are chandeliers and also we could see candles, at the bottom there is floor. And we could see carpets table, on the table there are objects. And in the background also there is a dining table it seems and chairs and there are white color objects, and on the right side of the image there are tables and there are photo frames and there is a object and also there are lights on the wall and windows. And on the left side there is a plant and there is wall, chair and it looks like there is a cupboard, curtains and wall. At the top there is ceiling and also we could see chains.
In this image we can see a group of vehicles on the road, some vehicles on the footpath, some bicycles parked aside, plants in the pots, poles, the sign boards with some text on them, a group of buildings, trees, a street pole and the sky which looks cloudy.
In this image there is a closed lift door, beside that there are buttons on the wall, on the either side of the image there are walls.
In the picture we can see inside view of the bedroom with a bed and besides the bed we can see two tables with lamps on it and behind the bed we can see a wall with two lamps and two glass windows and other part of the wall we can see a painting and opposite side we can see a part of the plant.
In this image I can see a person, hut, grass, trees and the sky. This image is taken may be during a day.
In this image there are trees and buildings, at the top of the image there are clouds in the sky.
In this image we can see snow on the ground, trees,mountains and clouds in the sky.
In this picture we can see 2 babies lying in a bathtub with balls.
In this image in the center there are some vehicles on the road, and there are some people who are wearing bags and walking and one person is sitting on a cycle and he is wearing a bag and riding. At the bottom there is floor and there is a pavement, poles, traffic signals in the foreground and some boards and street lights. On the boards there is text and on the right side there is a transformer it seems and some plants and there are trees in the background and buildings, and at the top there is sky and we could see some windows on the left side of the image.
In this picture I can see vehicles on the road. I can see the traffic light poles on the right side and left side. I can see a few people on the walkway I can see the buildings on the right side.
In this image, there are different color vehicles on a road. Beside them, there are sign boards attached to the poles, there are plants, a fence and a footpath. In the background, there are trees, a building, plants and the sky.
In the foreground, I can see a kitchen cabinet with a stove, jars, mixer grinders, electronic equipments and other things. In the background, I can see sockets on a wall. And I can see shelves with a micro-oven. And I can see a fridge. And I can see some object on a rooftop and other thing.
In this image there are a few people standing and there are a few people sitting on the grass. On the left side of the image there are pillars. In the background of the image there are buildings, trees. At the top of the image there is sky.
In this picture I can see a bathtub, taps, a shampoo box and a cloth on the bathtub. In the background, I can see the marble wall. On the bottom side of this picture, I can see the floor.
In this image there is a table tennis table with ball ,chairs and wall in the right corner. There is table tennis table with balls, chairs in the foreground. There are walls with some frames and flower vase in the background. There are lights hanging on roof at the top. And there is a floor at the bottom.
In this image we can see people sitting in the stands. In the center of the image there is a playground. There is grass. There are people playing. To the right side of the image there are ships and water.
In this image, we can see tables, chairs and curtains. There is a wall art at the top of the image. There is a table in the middle of the image contains flower vase and candles.
On the right and left side of the image we can see buildings and cars. At the bottom we can see road. In the background there is sky.
In this image there are vehicles on the road, there are buildings, trees and there is a fence. On the right side there is a net and there are boards some text written on it.
In this image there are buildings, behind the buildings there are trees and in the background there is the sky. In front of the buildings there is a river.
In this image there are a few people playing tennis, in between them there are nets connected to the poles. In the background there is a wall and a few objects are hanging. At the top of the image there is a ceiling with lights.
In this image, we can see trees, street lights, poles, vehicle, grass, people, board, bicycle and walkways. In the background, there is the sky. Here we can see people are walking through the walkways.
In this image I can see buildings, vehicles on the road, people and in the background there is sky.
In this picture I can see a sink, there are taps, house plants, there are some objects in the racks, and in the background there is a window. Through the window I can see a wall.
In this picture on the right side there is a signal pole and also there is a big building. And background is the sky.
In front of the picture, we see a chair. Beside that, we see a table on which a keyboard, monitor, papers, lamp and books are placed. On the right side, we see the books. Behind that, we see a wall and the window blind. At the bottom, we see a carpet and the books. This picture is clicked in the dark.
In the picture I can see flower plants and the grass. In the background I can see trees and the sky.
In this picture we can see a snooker table, chairs on the floor, on this snooker table we can see a ball and in the background we can see a wall, lights, window and some objects.
In this picture we can see a platform, here we can see a tray, basket, microwave ovens, wall and some objects.
In this image there are stone walls on the both sides. There are steps both sides. There is a way to light on the right side. It's a cave.
In this picture we can see a table, chairs on the floor and in the background we can see a glass door, grass, trees.
At the bottom of the picture, we see a man in the white T-shirt is standing and he might be posing for the photo. Behind him, we see the trees and the grass. On the left side, we see a man in the white and the black T-shirt is standing and he is wearing a cap. There are trees, rocks and a hill in the background. At the top, we see the sky and the clouds.
In the center of the image we can see table. On the right side of the image we can see chairs, table game, photo frames, televisions, flower vase, houseplant,pillar and lights. On the left side of the image we can see table soccer, television, photo frames, sofa, chairs, door and lights. In the background we can see stairs, photo frame and wall.
In this image there are coal in a wooden structure, on which there is a meat, above that there is a rod connected to the structure, on which there are pieces of meat and in the background there is a wall with red bricks.
At bottom of the picture, we see the road. On the left side, we see the objects and a white car is parked on the road. Beside that, we see a pole and a garbage bin in white and green color. Behind that, we see the stairs and the stair railing. We even see a rock wall. On the right side, we see a tree and the hedging plants. In the background, we see a building in white color. It has a door and the windows.
In this picture we can see a long hallway with walls and pillars. There is also a sofa and a few things kept.
In this image I can able to see the bed, door , cupboards, a mirror and walls.
In this picture, we see a woman is cycling in the gym. Beside her, we see the gym bicycles. On the right side, we see a black table on which some objects are placed. In the background, we see a green wall and the windows. At the top, we see the speaker box. This picture might be clicked in the fitness center.
This is an inside view of a room. In the room there are couches, tables with books, lamps, television and few other things. In the background there are walls with photo frames, a door, window, potted plant, cupboards with books and few other things. And there is a flower vase with flowers in it. At the top of the image there is a fan. On the left side of the image there are leaves. And there is a mat on the floor.
In this image there are two beds with pillows and bed sheets on it, between them there are tables, drawers and there are lamps, telephone and some other objects, beneath the table there are drawers and there is a chair, beside the table there are curtains on the wall.
In this picture there are windows on the wall and there are lights.
In this picture we have vehicles on the road and on the right side we have plants and buildings. Here the sky is blue.
In this image I can see few objects, stove, sink, flower pots on the counter tops. I can see the refrigerator, oven, lights, cupboard, plants, windows and the chimney.
